ICT 2024 Mentorship ⧹ Lecture #17  August 26, 2024  Impeding Barriers
=====================================================================

Good morning, folks. I've been fighting with OBS for the last 20 minutes. I'm not sure why this
thing is so fickle. It just does not want to cooperate. I don't know why, but either it doesn't want
to show my screen or it doesn't want to show an audio or not show an audio. I guess pick up my
audio. So, good morning. Good morning. Um, today we have the market opening up just really close to
where we settled at here. So, I'll show you. Let's see if I can do an audio check here first. Yep, I
hear myself. All right. So the regular trading hours if you go down here right now it's on
electronic trading hours. So we go to regular trading hours and this is where we settled previous
session and this is where we opened. So to open at this level here we have a small little discount
gap. [Music] So this is the glow. So now it's the opening range gap low and settlement is what I
label it until we get the actual open when it's real close to it pre-market before 9:30 as I'm
watching it. I have this already annotated. So, opening range gap high because this is higher than
where we opened up when we're in trading session hours. Okay. Right. So, let's go back into
electronic trading hours. And initially, I'd like to see if it makes any attempt. I'm going to grav
back up into here because he left that really smooth and he just upset the the sell side here. So,
here's buy side because we had a really small gap. I'm not all that excited about the initial
morning session. Like, I'm not overly bullish, overly bearish. I'm just indifferent right now. I
just want to wait and see what the market gives me. This week the focus on the lectures Caleb is to
highlight areas that are going to be problematic. And one of those things is obviously today where
we have a very small minor gap. Okay. the larger gaps that we open up with, uh, they tend to kind of
like invite larger volatility and a lot more protraction in the marketplace. And then we just did
this area down here. Got a lot of feedback from uh, Friday's live stream. I appreciate that. A lot
of folks uh, never saw call the daily high and the daily low and show a $200,000 framework in one
trade. But uh we're just getting started. Hope you had a good weekend. I did very good weekend. All
right. So now we have worked the sell side here. The market has gapped lower with a lower gap
opening. We traded above the opening of I'm sorry the opening range gap high which is previous
settlement. So Friday's day session settlement price. That's what this is here. We're working inside
of the old new week opening gap on August 25th, 2024. Okay. And what I want to see is do we have the
ability to work one more time taking out this low because it was a little shallow doing that. So if
I were to kind of like force myself to give you if I had to anticipate right now what I thought was
likely to occur. I think we're going to bang around between new day opening gap of August 21st and
the opening range gap low until we dis, you know, discern what what it wants to do. So, I'm sitting
still. I'm relaxing. I'm not worried about trying to be right about what I think it's going to do
initially. My tendency is to look at what we have left over here. So, these relative equal highs,
it's just really, really, really smooth. Do they need the run up here today of the day? No. Uh, can
it do it? Sure. I'd like to get the invitation to outline some kind of framework to get to that
level, but focusing on the lecture premise this week is looking for things that are going to be
problematic for your trade. In other words, what what makes the idea of looking for setups harder or
once you have an opinion? Okay. Um what makes it difficult to hold on to it and what challenges will
you find in doing that? Sticking to a bias or arriving at a bias. Okay. Uh that's kind of like one
of the primary hurdles for most of you. And my son's no different. And it was the same thing for me
when I first started learning to do this in the '9s. knowing where it's likely to go and also trying
to push away that impulse to I got to know right now because the market's trading so I have to get
in there because you're fear of missing something. There's no reason for you to fear missing
anything because the market's going to trade tomorrow and the market's going to trade on Wednesday
in perpetuity until the markets are no longer available to us. So don't worry about that. You we
have bigger problems if we can't trade, right? So, we've worked the new week opening gap here. I
liked how we done this business in here. And any movement above here, I'm going to watch and see
does it use the new day opening gap on August 21st. So, words trade above it, come back down and
then aggressively run into [Music] this area up in here. It's really smooth. Now, I was looking at a
two-minute chart over here because you're probably wondering like, "Why are you on a two-minute
chart?" ICT, why you why are you not talking about that? I was looking at the gap right in here. I
was studying, did they use this as inversion? Initially, they did, but they hammered the consequent
encroachment of the new week opening gap of the 25th and then we have the uh previous settlement.
So, it's returned back to that. Then dropped down, displaced below the relative equal lows. So, sell
side's been disturbed. It's It's all messed up now. And the market's seeking buy side, which it's
already done by taking this one here. And this is a little smooth in here. They've already disrupted
that. And in here up to this high, that's where the shortterm minor buyside liquidity is. I'm
watching this candle or the next to see if we can trade down into consequent encroachment. Don't
look at this opening range gap high thinking that's consequent encroachment because you can see it's
a little dis it's different from the low to midpoint between that high. I'm annotating the opening
range gap high or previous settlement. So coming down and touching that if it's bullish that's
something we want to see. Think about what I was outlining when I was showing you opening range
gaps. Let me show you what it looks like like this. Think about it like the opening is here.
Previous settlement is here. That's the wrong color. So don't don't think too much about that orange
because I was looking at as inversion fair value gap studying pre-market and then the opening up to
the previous settlement which is there. Okay. So, see 4:14 p.m. at the bottom of the chart. 4:14 and
then the opening price here today at 9:30. So, that's your red trading hours. And now, if we go over
to electronic trading hours, [Music] trading above, coming back down into the opening range gap
because we opened again, opened little unchanged. little unchanged to me is less than 30 to 40
handles. So if it's if it can't even muster a difference between previous day settlement price and
30 to 40 handles beyond that or away from that at the opening bell at 9:30, I'm right away going to
sit on my hands and wait till 10:00. That that is one of the things that I want Caleb to do is
discern whether or not there's a lot of excitement, a lot of anticipation. Um, a lot of things have
happened over in the Middle East and they're starting to heat up over there. So, there's a little
bit of trepidation right now in the marketplace. So, they're they're going to be probably very
fickle in delivery of price today because they want people's sentiment shown like they want to see
what traders are are doing after waiting all weekend long. Now, here we are. The bells rang, the
gates are open, the horses are off their race. Yeah. and how how is everyone going to plunk down
their money? How are they going to bet? Are they looking for lower prices? Are they looking for
higher prices? I think that initially they've offered some selling here to entice traders to want to
do that very thing. Sell short. I'm not all that terribly excited about doing that right now. Um, I
do think if things heat up in the Middle East and with over in Russia and Ukraine and China and
Taiwan, all those things will be catalysts to, you know, spur on more excitement in the marketplace.
But right now, I'm kind of weighing out what it's wanting to do initially. So, I don't want to have
a hard opinion. I like an area, which is the buy side. I want to see if it could give some kind of
framework to get there, but it's in no hurry to give me a a market structure to work within. back
and forth choppiness in here. So, the first thing, Caleb, in your your rules are the rules of
engagement for anticipating a really easy morning session is are we opening significantly higher or
significantly lower than previous settlements. So, obviously today, you know, it's Monday. We know
that Friday is where we settled. So, when we're looking at the previous day settlement price, it's
Friday's 4:14 p.m. Eastern Standard Time's price. When we pull up the regular trading hours,
toggling that down here, that price is the 4:14 p.m. Friday session, regular trading hours. Now,
obviously, it trades for another 46 minutes and then closes for the weekend. If it was not Friday,
it would be closing for the day and then reopening an hour later at 600 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
So because you had a very small gap, very very minor gap that is indicative of a market that's going
to be very reluctant to run and you have to wait. Let the market give you more intel. So it helps
you control fear and greed. You know the FOMO, fear of missing something. Um every little initial
move shouldn't make you feel like I'm I got to be in here. it's doing something and it gives you a
sense of relaxation and not having to be uh impulsive which is very very important as a trader. So
if you notice that we have had no diff we have had difficulty rather and it wasn't easy for it to
get to the new day opening gap of the 21st. So it's banging up close to it but then fails
aggressively. So now we're back on the southern end of that opening range gap. So, think about that
blue box there. It can work back up in. There's a small little volume of bounce right there. Watch
that. Because if we can get back up in to retest the opening range gap low, that means the opening
price at 9:30. If it can trade up into that, it might want to go into that little area there if it
wants to go lower. But because there is a very very weak or or anemic gap from previous settlement
on Friday to where we opened up at. I've already elected the protocol is I have to wait till 10:00.
I want that full 30 minute opening range not opening range gap 30 minutes. So 9:30 to 10:00 we're
sitting still. There's nothing for you to do. I don't care if there's a fair value gap. I don't care
if there's something exciting that appears on the chart because we opened very anemically. It's just
it's weak. It hasn't it doesn't have a whole lot of movement. Now, we were initially earlier on we
had a really nice potential higher gap opening, but they completely erased that. You got real close
to this previous settlement by the time we opened at 9:30. Notice that. So, one of the things that
you're going to combat most is the want to be in some kind of trading. And especially if you're on
social media watching people like me or watching other people um talk about what they are doing in
the marketplace. If you're watching live streamers that have chats, you can see that other people
are chomping at the bit. They're saying, "I'm long, I'm short, whatever." And I I weigh a lot of
sentiment with those types of tools and I view that as a retail indicator. So watching other
people's live streams, seeing their level of excitement or if they're not all that excitement, if
they're not excited about something and I I might see a directional setup, I may see something that
forms or forming that is maybe bullish or bearish. And then I see a lot of comments in other live
streamers saying, and it's not just that, it's other social media, you know, venues where if people
that are very chatty, they like to share their opinion. The more I have that is the other side of my
perspective, the better I feel about the idea. And right now, because of the technicals, we opened,
you know, week, it wasn't that big of a gap. I'm not interested in trying to form a hard opinion
right away. And it'll help Caleb and if all of you are watching that'll also be a solid foundation
to build on using the the gap because they can't hide the gap obviously as soon as at 9:30 we open
up. Look at the difference between the previous days settlement price at 414. You find that on the
lower time frames but I was using a two-minute chart here and I was watching how they were using
this gap here to see if we could open up with a higher gap. If we would have opened up here maybe at
this new day opening gap or a little bit higher, I would have looked for the move to drop down into
the um new day uh sorry, new week opening gap on the 25th maybe using consequent encroachment and
then try to get a long up into this buy side here. But they took it away and opened us with a really
really weak discount gap. That means it's a lower gap opening. So because of that the the the amount
of range and what is I had one of the students ask me what does a 20 handle move look like. So see
that price here 19,732. So all the way up to 7,52 even. That is a 20 handle price move or
fluctuation. Okay. And you can see it's not much more than that for the opening range gap. So
whenever I see a gap like that, I'm immediately protocol is sit still, wait till 10:00, wait for
silver bullet, wait for something that's more obvious, wait for the first 30 minutes to get in
there. The algorithm is going to do what it's going to do in the first 30 minutes. And if I get into
a trade or if I try to elect a liquidity I want to target, I'll tend to be wrong. And I've seen that
over 25 years of using opening range gaps and forcing that. So I I just am real comfortable letting
them have the first 30 minutes. And if it's a big day that I don't want to be a participant early
on, other traders might be positioned for a better short or long that may be beneficial for them
holding for the rest of the day. That's okay. I'm not worried about that. I'm not forcing myself to
be uh to be right. And if you look at this low over here on the 15-minut time frame there, sell side
resting just below that. So if they want to get real animated, they can take it down there. A lot of
feedback. very very positive feedback which I appreciate. Thank you for that. So I'll drop back into
a one minute chart which is standard for us. So you can see right away it's a little disorganized
this morning. It's not real clean. It's a little sloppy. It has a lot of poor price action in it.
That is just like the volume and balance here of volume and balance there which you already offered
several times. Um, no real gap in here except for the wick and all this spotty delivery taking us
down below the initial uh sellside that would have been to the left of us at the opening bell
falling short of the new day opening gap high on August 21st. So, when I'm looking at price and I
know that it's moving and I'm not in a trade, uh, when I was a younger man in my 20s, I used to
panic about that because I thought every run was going to be a 100 point run and be a big blastoff
move because just like you when you learn something new from me, uh, you think that it's going to
appear in every, you know, next candle because now you're keyed up on it And I felt that way about
everything that I was learning from Larry Williams and his books and his videos. And I thought for
sure that okay, you know, he's my hero. I I'm looking for this. I almost got the word that the uh
the pursuit of finding the new toy in in the market. So that way I could play with it. I could I
could use it to make money. And one of the biggest things you can do is learn to go slow, really
really slow in the beginning because you're you're not going to be able to retain some very valuable
insights about how you think. And if you go in there chase making money right away, you're not going
to pick up on the clues that tell you that you're about to go on tilt. That means you're going to
abandon the trading idea that you went into initially. You'll either overleverage or overtrade. Do
more than what's necessary. And it all stems from not having a plan, not having a process of what
to, you know, follow. And it needs to be very finite, very specific rules. And the first element to
that needs to be when are you going to do something? Time. Okay? So the market's going to deliver
based on time. And you aren't going to execute unless you're in a time period. some little envelope
in time like a macro uh the first 30 minutes. I mean it may have to transpire. Um a few of you
actually mentioned you thought that I was making a mistake and you were correcting me in the comment
section. And while I appreciate your enthusiasm about that, um the fair value gap that I was
annotating on Friday, uh it did not displace lower from it. So it's not a reclaimed bearish uh fair
value gap. That's why if you saw the color of it, it was gray because I wanted to see does it send
price down once it went below initially. It just traded down with wicks. It didn't trade up to it
and then displace lower. It went higher, made a higher high and then I was I was calling out lie
that I want to see the bottom of that be used as like a resistance, a premium array and leave the
upper half open. So, no, I'm not mistaken. No, you're not correcting me. And I don't mean that to be
condescending, but it was a inversion fair value gap because I was anticipating it to do what? I was
looking for the market to press up into that event horizon and go into a turtle suit and I wanted to
see it fail at that new day opening gap. I remember I was telling you I said I'm not going to go
long here but I'm waiting for it to press up into I said if it's good if it's really bullish it will
go up and hit that new day opening gap. But we were pressing into that balanced price range which is
going to be more formidable. And when the break when the market broke below that gap I outlined it
real time to you all that yeah it should act as an inversion fair value gap. So no I wasn't mistaken
but there's logic behind this is why I said anybody talks about inversion fair value gaps or fair
value gaps at all every gap with three candles does not make it a fair value gap in the context that
you think it is. you you you don't have all the other tools and resources and experience of reading
what the narrative and price action is. Go back and watch Friday's live stream again, okay? And
you'll hear there's some a lot of things going on with the least amount of speaking. I've already
talked more today than I did Friday's whole session. I'm watching the volume imbalance here. We
already added one tap into it there. There's the second one. Now, when you go through each one of
these live streams with me, whether you're watching whe whether you're watching it rather live or if
you're watching it later on, I want you to really spend a lot of time writing in your journal when
you're taking screenshots that the difference compare the differences of the first 30 minutes of
trading with every other day and when I when I really make a big glowing remark and you start
gushing about how pretty and clean prices is versus days where it's spotty, a little disorganized.
Those are real key things to annotate in your journal because those are the things that's going to
be much more paramount for you as a day trader. We just swept that uh that low here on the 50-minut
time frame and we're inside. We traded inside of an old buy sign and balance signed efficiency which
is right here. Okay. So, I'm still working with one one laptop. Um I don't have anything in front of
me. I don't have any other screens. I promise in Jesus name I'm not looking at any I'm literally in
my bedroom right now. So my office is upstairs. I have not used that one time since I started doing
the 2024 mentorship because I'm trying to help the individuals that have one device, one monitor
because they think that, you know, I it only works because I have so many monitors. And that's not
true. It's just I like to look at a a very immersive perspective on the marketplace. And I'm also
looking at other markets sometimes when I'm using all my screens. So I'm not leaning on that stuff
initially for you, Caleb, because you're supposed to be watching price action to get a feel for how
price delivers around time. So it's not about picking the right decisions of getting in the right
fair value gap and where your stop loss need to be perfect and short, not have a lot of risk. All
those things are later. The first thing is you have to submit to this process of reading price,
being in front of the charts, retaining the information as it's being presented. Every single
candle, what is it doing? How's it behaving? So, I'm watching this wick here if it can overtake
consequent encroachment of that and then come back down. And if it starts showing any kind of
support there, that'd be interesting to see get back to the opening range gap low. Otherwise, this
is a premium right half of that wick. If it can go up and touch it or if it fails to even go there
and starts to break lower, that's indicating it's very, very weak. Again, we're not even in 10:00
yet. So, I'm not interested in framing any trades at all. These are all things that you're
observing, Caleb. You're trying to make references to these. As you watch price, you want to
screenshot these things. Every time I point to something, I'm saying I'm watching this screen.
That's a key word. I may not say the term, you know, screenshot it as a prompt because I'm trying to
talk about something while price is ticking and booking price. But anytime I make a special
reference to something, okay, if you go back and you watch the recording and you hear me do that,
that is a time for you to screenshot it and then you annotate what your observations are and what
actually happened afterwards. And by doing that it it provides you a way of referencing, logging,
and building a understanding of what these things will do in the future when you're watching price
action. For instance, like immediate rebalances, okay? Where you have a run in price. Perfect
example, we have the market stop with a low right here. Then we have a big candle that went lower
than the previous candle's low. Okay? It doesn't matter where we're going next. Okay. What I'm
saying is is things that key up on your attention that you're you're saying, "Okay, there's
something going on here. I'm I'm monitoring this." The very next candle is a large candle down. And
then we have this candle open and it trades all the way back up and touches the previous candle's
low. So all of this down candle, the black candle here, that range is completely redelivered with
buy side. So, if we're looking at it like this, make it a little bit wider. The separation between
this candle's low here and then the big long black candle that goes down. If this would have opened
here and traded lower, that's this would have been a fair value gap. But it opens and trades all the
way back up and touches that. That is called immediate rebalance. If it does that when you're
bearish, that's one of the best indications that you are entering at a like if you want to trade
imbalances where it completely closes down. I just found a guy on the internet on YouTube trying to
teach imbalances and fair value gaps and saying that fair value gaps are a renaming of of an
imbalance. No, it's actually a very specific signature where it is not filling in. I don't want to
see it fill in. That is the superior form of trading price action. If you're going to look for these
inefficiencies, the highest order of trading them is you want to see them not close in. And I've
proven this in live sessions with real trades with real money. So if we're looking at the price
delivering back up to that level there, that mechanism right there, it matters not if it goes higher
or lower. What I'm saying is this right now is when it does that, as soon as it touches that
candle's low on this candle, it delivered down and the next candle opens and rolls right back over
top of all of the down move from this candle's low right there to where we opened. All of this has
been redelivered back to that price. So, this is efficient. If it's bearish, that's really strong.
Or if you're in a trade and it starts creating these types of things and it goes right back up, then
you can say, "All right, I expect it to trade aggressively lower. It's done what it needs to do to
rebalance, repric, and it need to do it real quick and sudden." It's kind of like showing the hand
of of a winning card hand at in poker. If you're a partner that you're at the table with and they
flash their hand to you and they're sitting with a full house, four aces and and a king spade, like
it's going to be hard to beat that, right? So, um, this that's what the algorithm is doing. It's
kind of like tipping its hand saying, you know, I'm getting ready to do something really stunning.
One directional and an immediate rebalance is one of the purest forms of reading it in price action.
So, when you see that, it kind of like promotes large range. It promotes speed. It gives you a lot
of indication the market wants to behave a certain way and a certain characteristic. And you can see
it happening here that way. So, it did it there and then boom, he took out the low. That in itself
might be your model. This guy's like the candyman just got all this stuff all the time. Just boom,
he says it and it happens in real time. What else do you want? What else do you need? I got lots of
stuff. I got stuff that you're going to fall in love with that you didn't even think you knew you
wanted. All righty, let's go. And we have the complete closure of this buy sign and balance sell
sign and efficiency. So I want to annotate that so you can see where we're at in relationship to the
one minute chart and we'll do this. We'll do an a weird little color like that and we'll extend it
to the right and you can see how we are behaving like that. So look over here in the 15-minut time
frame. It's this big up close candle. the previous candle's high, which is this one right there.
Good. That's the problem with having all these different charts. It's going to aggravate me when I'm
trying to look at certain things. And it didn't quite get down to that. That's enough. So, your
model might be, let's say, you're bearish and you you feel comfortable being short. You want to look
for sellside. Wonderful. One of the strongest indications of you're about to see a price run. That's
one one direction and it's going to be nice quick sudden big candles as we were outlining here. Big
down close candle immediate rebalance right there. Now what happens if this candle that opens right
here after this big down close candle when that forms? What happens if the next one doesn't go right
back to that candle's low right there? It's valid if it does it on the next candle, but after that
it's not. So immediate rebalance is the single candle that creates a big range lower and a lower
close. The candle must be larger. Larger than what? Well, what's look at all the ranges once this
has formed. This stands out against all the other previous ranges, right? It works on all time
frames. So, if you're a very short-term scalper, or if you're in a trade and you're waiting for
price to give you that last little bit of movement and you get a candle like this, if you are short
and you want to get short or add a pyramid, soon as you anticipate this candle closing, as soon as
it closes, watch where we open on the next one. Anticipate, feel comfortable with it running right
back up to that candle's low. If you're short already from some higher place, this is not a
reversal. But you'll see so many people so many people online that are sharing their observations
live or if they'll they'll share their sentiment about what the market has just done, they'll be
trying to influence live streamers that are actually taking the time to trade in front of other
people. Um the the people in the chat will say, "Oh, it's reversing because it's done something like
this." because they've read Steve Nielson's books or they have read some other kind of retail logic
and they think, "Okay, this is this is going to reverse." Now, the only thing it's doing is exactly
what you want to see it do when when you're bearish. You want to see it run right back up, rebalance
that. And if it didn't do it on this candle, the next candle, if it went and touched it, then I
would expect speed delivery to the downside. Okay? So when I'm prompting you in the live stream and
I'm making specific reference to watch this inefficiency, watch this fair value, pay attention to
this wick. Those are prompts there. That's me prompting you, Caleb, to this is what I want to go
back in and look at what it did later on at the end of the day or at the end of the session. Not for
you. It's it's for the end of the session. So by 11 o'clock or something to that effect. All right.
So we're in five minutes into the 10 o'clock hour. So, we've had 35 minutes or so of opening range.
We could not get all the way down to this run here on the 15-minute buy side and bounce sell sign
efficiency. So, we took out relative equal lows. This low. I got to make sure I slow down that way
you can see what I'm pointing to. I make this mistake often. This low and this low, upper lefthand
corner chart. So those two are relative equal lows. We have traded down through that, but we didn't
close in the entirety of that buy sign and balance sell sign efficiency, which is this candle right
there, this big 15-minute candle. So that is seen with this little area down here. So let's say we
are anticipating a turn in the marketplace. How can you study that? Well, we have an indication that
it couldn't get all the way down to the buy side on the bounce sellside inefficiencies low on the
15-minut time frame. We are seeing an initial uh run back to but look where the bodies are. So, it
hasn't proven anything yet. Even though we had a little wick here, the bodies are saying no, it's
not there yet. So, sit still, relax. Don't try to catch the turn. Don't try to catch the bottom.
Don't try to pick the bottom. It's, you know, yet they say, if you try to pick your bottom, you're
going to get stinky fingers. So now watch the wick here. That's consequent encroachment right there
at that 19,701. Somebody just leaned over there. He said he said he get stinky fingers. This guy has
jokes. So far, we're only working with the rejection block, which is the lowest down close candle
price, closing price. It swept that here, but we're still inside that 15minute discount buy sell
efficiency. Not trying to pick the bottom, not trying to pick the top, not we're not in any position
right now. We're just watching and observing price. Real relaxed, taking in information. If there's
going to be something obvious, it'll be obvious. Right now, it's not. There's nothing in here that I
would have expected my son to see and capitalize on. So, that's the main takeaway from this, Caleb,
is while you're watching this, you might be looking and saying, "Man, I don't see anything." And
that's normal. That's exactly what I want you to have that perspective because nothing is there yet
for your model. having a model, having a context, if you will, of what you're watching price for. If
it's not in the price action, if the thing that you're trying to capitalize on, trade on, frame a um
a setup around, if it's not obvious in price action, why are you worrying? It's just indicating
you're impatient. You're fearing a missed move that someone else is going to probably come back
later on and say, "This is what I did." And maybe they did do it. Most of the time, they probably
didn't. All right. So, we finally snapped through the 15-minut time frame, buy sell efficiency. So,
now this inefficiency that we just traded through offer the opportunity for this to act as an
inversion fair value. So, now we can watch the lower end of this here. So, that would look like
this. We can take the Yeah, that's the midpoint line. That level right here. So, this level here is
half of this shaded area. If it wants to return back in, it's bearish as long as it does not go back
above that midpoint. It can wick to it and through it, but it's better for it just trades back up
into here and falls from that, not return to the upper half of it. Scrunch this up. You can see
where we have a lot of that new day opening gap and new week opening gap. That's a big big draw
because it's layered. They're all nested together. We had that new day opening gap from the 23rd and
we have the n what is that 18th of August's new week opening gap. So a real nice setup would be
something like watching it trade up into that 15-minute fair gap that we traded finally through. And
notice I was telling you we were back here. Think I said nothing's happened yet. You can't try to
pick the bottom yet. Anybody tried to capture long here, they got stinky fingers now. You pick your
bottom, you're going to get [ __ ] on your hands basically. So, you have the body's telling you,
"No, we have not turned around yet." What is it respecting? The fair value gap on that 15-minute
time frame that I've been drawing your attention to. So, while we did have that immediate rebalance
here and it rolled down, it came right back up to the high end of that 15-minute fair value gap, but
did not close out of it. The bodies are saying, "Watch me. Hello, neon sign. Nothing's happened yet.
Everything is still in motion going lower." So, if that's the case, what are you looking for? What's
below this 15-minute fair value gap? Well, we can have the new week opening gap and new day opening
gap. These levels in here, like I said, last Friday, they're like a big black hole when they're
nested together like that. Like, it's it's such a huge influence on drawing price to them. So, like
I said, it would have been nice for it to offer a return back into that 15-minute fair value gap or
get into this cibby here between this candle's high and that candle's low. Get up to that halfway
point there. Say it fails to even touch that. Well, then that means it never would touch this. Then
it would probably aggressively run down with large ranges and very, you know, sudden quick delivery.
And you had the sell side below here on that low which is 591 and 3/4. So that's an old low right
here. Okay. You can see that price in the upper leftand corner and I put the cursor just underneath
it. 19,591.75 [Music] There's a mosquito in here. I'm trying to let it out the door. It's flying
everywhere but the door. Why? When I get to heaven, I'm going to ask God, why did he create
mosquitoes syringes? It's a male. They don't bite. But still, I don't mind them in the room. That's
something that would have been uh edited out of a recorded video, by the way. But we're live, so it
needs to be left in here, I guess. So, so far it's respecting the lower level of this wick here.
this. And I can tell you, and I said it last week, um these lectures that I give you this week are
going to be the le the le the least loved, liked, or appreciated lessons. But when you go out and
you try to use this information and you don't study with the things I'm talking about in these,
you're going to have problems that are going to arise and you're not going to be able to pull the
information out with successful trades or ideas or you're going to rush to try to make money before
you really understand or use the stuff. And later on, you're going to come back later on, probably
months, years later, because you're going to try other stuff. And you're not going to do well with
that. And you're going to think that, well, let me just see what I do if I go back and listen. And
you're going to think, wow, he said these things and I fell victim to all that stuff. If I just
would have listened to those lectures, focused on slowing down, demand that price is giving you
something that's obvious. Obviously, you know, you don't have the information that you should have
as a profitable trader or someone that's consistently able to do it correctly. So when I'm making
annotations or talking them about them as we were talking about here with the immediate rebalance
and then when it was trading just a little outside of that I told you look nothing's happened yet.
It hasn't turned. We're not trying to pick the bottom yet. And this is telling you that we have
proven with the bodies. It's telling you the narrative that nothing has changed. So the momentum and
and the delivery of price is lower. So all it's doing is returning to a premium level which is the
high of that 15minute fair value gap which we want to see it behave as an inversion fair value gap.
It's showing that it's showing that signs here. But when we outlined this larger um discount array
being in the chart when we brought it up like this, this is a target. But if you would have waited
for it to trade to that level, that could be a model for you. But this right here is not indicating
that we were turning it. Go back and listen to the stream. But those are the things that you have to
watch that are problematic. So, if you're looking for setups, if you ignore what price is doing and
you're not taking in the intel that it's providing to you, information that's going to be helpful to
you or cancelling if it nullifies any interest in the marketplace, you have to be thankful that you
can take that out of price action and not look at it, well, I missed a move. I hate that I missed a
move. It's so frustrating. Why? If you're if you're brand new and you're trying to learn how to do
this, it's normal for you to feel like it's not easy. It's normal for you to feel like it's never
going to happen for you. That's a normal thing when you're trying to say, "I should already be
trading with real money profitably." Sure. I mean, if someone picks up a golf club, me, because I
hate golf, it would be unrealistic for me to say, you know, I'm gonna pick up a golf club and be
able to uh putt or drive a golf ball like Tiger Woods because I've watched Tiger Woods so many times
on TV in the in the the highlight reel. So, therefore, I should know how to do what he does and be
able to do the same thing because I've watched him do it so many times. And that's unfortunately the
same misconception that a lot of students have because they've watched lots of ICT videos. And
that's the that's not the same thing as watching real-time price action and looking for the things
that I teach as PDAs signatures in price. How the characteristic of that price run is indicative of
a sustained run or is it just reaching for the next inefficiency or liquidity to make a reversal.
There's a lot of things that you have to discern. And in the natural progression of going through
that by watching price and not rushing yourself to know something, you're you're learning every
single time you're in front of charts. If you're watching price action with me live or you're
watching price without me, but you're just watching price as long as you are managing your
expectations and you're not trying to force the the idea of I need to be in a trade. I need to be in
a trade. So therefore, uh the outcome is the make it or break it or success or failure. That's the
grading of it. And if you're trying to grade yourself on that premise, you're going to be very hard
to encourage to keep going forward. And it's not just my material. That that mindset usually is
adopted to whatever else they go and chase. So whatever method or whatever uh school of thought for
trading they sit down in front of and they try to trade with, they're going to fail at that too
because they first have to have the proper mindset. And that's what I'm trying to do with you,
Caleb, is relax you, remind you that you're not expected to trade like me. You're not expected to
know every little fluctuation and be able to determine what it's going to do and how it's going to
behave. That's not realistic. What is your what is your priority right now is number one to move
slow. Let anything that becomes important to you manifest itself. It's got to it's got to show
itself in the chart and say, "Okay, I see this and this is causing me a concern or question and I'm
curious or I have a doubt about something being there that maybe I should be looking at." That's all
normal. And you write those questions down in your journal. And then when we sit down with each
other on Saturdays, you'll be able to tell me, "This is what it is. This is what's on my mind right
now." And I'll tell you, well, this is what you do with this question or concern. Or I'll answer it
for you. or I'll tell you that's not even something that you should be worrying about because
there's going to be a lot of that stuff in the beginning. You know, worrying about the things that
are not important in the beginning is a huge time waster. And while I do have a lot of content and
my videos tend to be long, it's meant to save you years of doing stuff that's not fruitful versus
listening to a lecture. I if you were in college, say I was a college professor and I wasn't
teaching trading, I was teaching, you know, economics or I was teaching psychology, you'd have to
hear me drone on and on and on. So why are you trying to short, you know, shortcut it all? You're
here to learn it. You're you're trying to get a PhD in price action. So every time you sit down with
me, that's what we're doing. We're focusing on the things that are going to be very important things
that you don't think are important right now, but when you start watching your trades in the future,
like for instance, you may have when we're looking like this, I guarantee you somebody out there was
seeing this low, this low, and this low, and they're thinking, "Okay, that's a three drives
pattern." And then they saw this big run like this. I say big, but it's not really, but it was
sudden run right up in here. And when this candle was bullish, it looked like it was a reversal to
them. And they probably already had a trade being recorded so they can go on social media and say,
"I did this against ICT." And they're doing all the wrong things, too. They're trying to look right
instead of staying here and learning how to read price action correctly. But I told you the bodies
were telling you nothing has changed. Nothing has changed. And the only thing we've done is we've
left this small little portion open down here on the 15-minute time frame. And we want to see that
shaded area become a inversion fair value gap. So that means you use the high in the midpoint. It
trades up to it. It rejects it and goes to lower half. At that time you don't ever want to see it go
back above the midpoint. Ideally you want to see it trade once it leaves it here. Go up and bump
that wick into it and wick just below the midpoint or consequent encroachment and then leave. And
the very next fair value gap because we're on a one minute uh chart right now. If it were to do
something like that on a 15-second 30 secondond chart, 45 second chart, the first fair value gap
once it leaves the inversion fair value gap and it displaces outside of it, the very next 15, 30
second or 45se secondond fair value gap. Once it trades into that institutional orderflow entry
drill, use that and then target the next sellside liquidity or inefficiency. And I told you last
week that this is like a huge black hole. And we were up here and I said it's going to draw into
that. It's a very very large um magnet. Okay. It's going to it's going to suck price in and it's
going to gravitate to it. And there's nothing that you're going to find in in retail logic that's
going to tell you that. But you you're learning it. And Caleb needs to target new day opening gaps
and new week opening gaps for his draw liquidity. So while we're not pressing a button today, we're
not taking any trades today, we're not engaging price, we're observing. And you're watching how
price behaves with a very weak gap, a very very small weak gap. And that's back here. So, it's not
it's not all that terribly influential for me to frame a bias around what I'm building for my son.
Is there other things that I have to trade with that information? Yes. But if I start pulling out
every tool and every other thing I know, is he really learning that model? No. But having the
expectation of navigating conditions that his model is not going to be excelling in. In other words,
there isn't a trade for him yet. There's there's nothing for him yet. The breakdown out of this in
inversion fair value a gap on the 15-minute time frame. There is no gap in here. 10:00 is here.
Right there. Okay. So, he has to find a fair value gap. No fair value gaps. small one there. Nice
one. It could have been there. I even talked about it live with you. I said it'd be nice to see it
go up in there because that would be a real nice model for it to shoot from here down to the new
week opening gap, new day opening gap that's nested here before it traded down there. Look at the
bodies right on that high of the new day opening gap from August 23rd. Your support and resistance
lines aren't going to tell you that. Okay? your pitchforks. They're not going to tell you. They're
not going to tell you that. Okay. Um the the model that he's being pushed into like a mold, okay?
He's my son. I can do that. But I am realistic and I know that millions of you out there watching
this are not going to be pressed into the same mold. It doesn't work that way. But for him, I have
to give him a baseline foundation. And I said to him, I said it to you openly, he may not stay with
the fair value gap as his model, but it it has to give him something to start with and it makes him
familiar with reading price action. So it gives him I gave the analogy if I take you know five red
apples and one green apple and your challenge is to stand with your eyes closed and I throw all of
them up in the air and then you're told to open your eyes up and just grab the green one. your eyes
are going to open up and see all these things moving around and you're not going to have the
experience, the time, and the skill level to go race straight for the green one because our our eye
go rate goes right to movement. And we're we're watching price action all the time. If you're
looking at live price action, you're you're constantly distracted with fluctuations in price. and
you're like a dog in a in a meat market where the the the first thing that can dangle within your
distance of of being able to bite it and eat it. That's what they're going to go after. It doesn't
care if there's filet man over to the right. If there's a a strip of bacon just hanging down long
long enough close enough to their snout that's sniffing to almost lick it, they're going to go for
that the wagoo beef, okay, to the left of them. They don't care about that. It's the first chomp and
and I'm going to get something. That's retail perspective. So the way you remove that and say,
"Okay, I want a choice cut of meat. I'm going in to eat today. That's the intention. I'm going to go
in and I want to take something home. I want to take my pound of flesh, but I don't want to go out
there and just chase everything." So now, if I teach you to have the perspective of close your eyes,
you only have been studying the green apple. That's your PDA. That's your not your PDA, your PD uh
your PDA. You want to have uh your focus keyed up, your reticular activating system by doing what
we're doing here, which is watching price action. You can see this by watching my recordings. You
don't have to have real time data. Watch my old video recordings that I'm doing in live stream and
study what price is doing. You don't even have to listen to me talk. Just study what price is doing.
And when it does certain things, pause the video and then go into your charts and annotate that.
Dress that up so that way it's in your charts. It's in there and you keep a running log of a
template that has your observations. Every single day they're there. And as long as you go back in
time and you zoom out your chart that shows you this much information, your annotations will be
there and you refer to how it behaved in the delivery and building of the weekly range. And that's
what you do on the weekend. But when the market is not providing you a model, you don't feel any
regret. You don't think you don't say, "Well, I'm throwing this model out because it didn't give me
a setup today. Oh, but this this model is better. Trading inversion fair value gaps are better. I'm
going to do that because that's what worked today in live stream for ICT and Kayla's model doesn't
have a setup yet. So, doesn't that mean it's better than Kayla's model? No. That's a that's a myopic
toxic thought. You're trying to cut corners. You're trying to force your model to be in every day,
every instant, every session. No, that's the problem. That's a problem within the way you're
thinking. And you have to relax yourself and say, "I'm only interested in price if it shows me what
I'm looking for. And if it's not going to give it to me, that means I have to wait." And there's
nothing wrong with that. You can't act like a child that sees the big sucker in the store aisle and
yes, it convinced its mother or father to buy it for them. But just because they have it now in the
cart doesn't mean they get to eat it right now. So it's a matter of managing your expectations,
controlling your impulsive nature that you want to do something and you're willing to break your
model and abandon your plan just to be a part of something and that is not conducive for
consistently profitable. In fact, it creates such a huge matter of anxiety, second-guessing yourself
because you're not submitting yourself to watching price and say, "This is the model I'm looking
for, and I'm going to wait for that." And if it doesn't do it, guess what that means? I had no
losing trade today. I didn't spend commission. I didn't have losing trade, but I had gained much
more experience in patience. a a lesson learned in patience. Forging patience, fighting off fear of
missing out, FOMO, fighting off the greed, fighting off the the natural tendency to feel like you
belong here. uh one of the ladies that uh have recently been commenting on the the content mentioned
that uh I believe I don't want to say your name because I'm afraid that they they'll bring you know
who you are but the uh she said that she had folks being highly critical of her and because it's
more or less viewed as a man's industry and I'm going to say this again and I know the young men
don't like this they say I'm sing. I had to look that up. I didn't know. I'm 52. I'm usually I'm
pretty close to what's going on, but I had to look up what sing is. But uh my best students are
women. My most profitable students are women. They have a vagina. Okay. Um if that hurts you, if
that bothers you, oh well, that's your problem. Okay. But they are more inclined to think like I'm
trying to teach my son here is to not rush. They're not out there trying to you know show it to the
uh you the girls club, the women's club, the girls night out, the first wives club, okay? They're
not out there saying look what I did today. Look how much more I did better than all of you. They're
not doing that. They're trying to get good at it because they want to be able to be independent.
They want to be able to hold on to the ideas that they can do this without anyone else doing it for
them. And weak-minded men don't like that. They don't like that. And it's too much competition. And
I'm telling you, okay, women have a built-in advantage in trading and investing because they don't
take silly risks and they don't trade with ego. That's why my best students are women and that's why
my best profitable students that have been longer term profitable than the males because they are
not trying to look smart on the internet. And you can borrow that logic, gentlemen, from them. The
way they're thinking in terms of not trying to be aggressive. They're not trying to be better than
everybody else. They're just trying to do it well enough that they're comfortable in their own skin
as a trader. And it's hard for women to do this industry because there you go. That almost hit our
almost hit it, didn't it? There it is. Perfect. So when you have women trying to do this and and and
they're met with opposition from the very toxic male, you know, attitude that, you know, we're
better than you. We're barbarians and you you you should be knitting. You should be you making me a
sandwich like the lady said in the comment, which I thought was funny. the uh you have to relax and
just say there might be a woman out there that's going to be better than you even at the highest
form of your trading where you think you've met the highest peak of your uh next woman we got down
here. And if that wrecks you mentally or psychologically that is a woman out there is so much better
than you and you can't even do what they're doing. you have some growth there for you. You have some
opportunity. But I don't ever see any ladies out there, you know, flexing and saying, "I'm I'm
better than this when I'm" Well, that's not entirely true. I did see one I did see one on Twitter
last year, but you know, I muted her. Um, not physically, but I shut her down the way she was act
because it wasn't ladylike and it was just toxic. But you don't usually see that. But the men,
absolutely. And this is why I'm trying to tell my son, when you get good at this, you're you're
literally gonna feel like you want to go out there and smack people around because maybe you saw
something was said about me or that or what it is I've done my entire life. And women aren't usually
like that. And that's why they make the most money. That's why they're better traders. They have far
less executions. they have far less fluctuations in their uh P&L and their equity curve is much much
smoother because they're not they're not impulsive in a manner like a man is because we have to show
that we can do it. We have to do it. It's in our nature. We have to prove it. We have to prove that
we can do it. Where women generally because of their their mindset and the way they're wired, they
want stability. They want continuity. think like they're they're naturally they're naturally made
and created as the person between us, the two sexes, and there's only two of them. When they're
birthing a child, they have the the miracle in them that they can produce that and produce another
person. And before that child is born, they're nesting. And I know this by experience because I've
had multiple children. I have five kids. And I've seen how a woman changes. And there's a level of
responsibility that kicks in that when I was a young dad, I I didn't have that. I was I was scared.
I was like, "Am I ready for this?" She's not worried about this. She's like, "I got to get the house
ready. I got to get this ready. We got to do this. We got to do." And she knew exactly what needed
to be done, how it needed to be done. And my mind was just swirling around. Am I really ready for
this? See, that's the thing. And in trading, it's the same thing that happens when price is moving
around, gyrating, delivering price. Men are like, "What's going on? What's going on?" And the woman
is saying, "Is there something for me to do right here?" Because I'm not trying to do things that
are outside of what's my responsibility right here. My responsibility is my model. And women tend
to, and I've trained a lot of people over the years, women tend to be more responsible. They're more
principal oriented. They're much more acclimated to following rules and procedures and sticking to
them. Where men are like, "I'm going to try to reinvent the wheel. I don't want to listen to this
other guy. I want to make it my own. I'm going to change it a little bit. And the women don't do
that. And if you look at the statistics, the women are making more money. The women are better
traders. And that might hurt you if you're a man. If you're a young 20-year-old or if you're a
teenager and you feel like, I couldn't learn from a woman. Well, when I bought Street Smart's book,
I recognized that that was a woman that co-authored that book. I didn't know who she was. I just
noticed that that was a woman that wrote that book. I didn't have any initial trepidations about
that. And her comments in that book helped me understand stop runs and stop hunts that because I
didn't understand before. And I could be out here saying, "Oh, I never learned from one." But that
woman gave me one of the biggest insights I've had about reading why I was losing in trades. I
didn't understand that that was a thing. I just thought I was just doing it wrong and that's all
there was to it. So, you have to be real careful, Caleb, in the beginning by trying not to mold an
expectation on yourself that you have to be better than the next person. You don't have to live up
to dad's ability. You don't have to even do one percentage of of it. It's your progress that's
important and where you go as a trader. You you could be better than me because I'm teaching you
these lessons where so many people don't realize they waste time worrying about stuff like this. And
if you don't build those toxic thoughts and if you don't build these Olympic level feats that you
have to live up to because you want to be able to be looked at in the community as a pillar, as a
titan, as a as a legend. Don't worry about those things. Those things are not important. They're not
going to make you more money. They're not going to make you trade better. In fact, if you look at
those types of things, it makes it harder for you to trade because you have to live up to that
expectation. The women in this industry, they're not out there trying to live up to any
expectations. They're not trying to be superheroes. They're not trying to be Wonder Woman of
trading. But think about how every man wants to be Superman. They all want to be impervious to
losing. Never happens to them. They never call it wrong. They don't have a kryptonite. But if you're
Superman, you're always going to have a Lex Luthor. You're always going to have a villain. You're
gonna have a legion of doom that's going to be coming after you. And if you entice enough people to
pay that much attention to you and make it about image, they're going to troll you. They're going to
cause you to second doubt certain things. And then when you do anything in the future, it's going to
be measured on what are they going to think about me versus what does my model say? Should I be
doing anything here? Should I be trading at all today? That's the right perspective. And women tend
to do that better than men. So in my opinion, women are better traders. Period. Convince me
otherwise. So it is 10:38. All right, I'll talk for two more minutes and I'm going to close this
one. What I want you to do in this, Caleb, is go through all the delivery on the one minute chart,
the five and the 15-inut time frame. match up everything that any kind of retracement any up close
candle every up close candle rather on a one and five minute chart you want to find the reference
point on the 15 in relationship to where it's reaching where it's traded to here I want you to note
every inefficiency all the ones that stayed open and I want you to note where we close at noon what
the closing price is at noon and everything prior to that is the am session run. I want you to study
all that and share with me this evening your observations. Tell me what you see and obviously those
things will be shared with uh the folks on your on your YouTube channel. But nothing in here should
have caused you to feel like I need to chase it. It should have been fun watching it gravitate down
to this new day opening gap nested with a new uh new week opening gap. We had a level here that and
we outlined on the 15-minut time frame old low it traded that and accelerated down through next
candle opens wicks up overlaps the new day opening gap and then the acceleration to the downside. So
in closing let's take a quick look at the five minute [Music] I don't like these kind of lessons I
see. Okay, you won't do well then. You want to take a screenshot like that. Annotate your
observations and sell side here [Music] time frame. You want to annotate your observations on this
with that chart like that. [Music] And just for my own personal taste, I want to see what it looks
like on a 60-minute chart. 4 hour [Music] right here into the afternoon and into overnight going
into tomorrow. You want to have this that sell side and this buy side and balance sell side
efficiency. What is going to be important for me? Now, this is me taking Caleb out of the equation
just for the sake of him and all of you watching. This delivery here on that one single candle
overlaps this single candle right there. Normally, this would be viewed as a balanced price range
because it's offered sell side and then over here starts at the same level here. Here buy side's
been offered. So, this range is sent lower and back up. So, it's offered both sides. If it starts to
go into this and it's filling it with speed, then we have changed in in a degree that's going to
start sending us lower for weeks, not just a day or two. So that's what I'm using this information
here. I I want to see if we can get into this area. Is it doing it fast? Because it should not do it
fast. So you look at this and say, "Oh yeah, this is one of those areas where it's open traffic."
Okay, it's going to be easy for price to get down into that. Not if you're looking at it at the same
time that it's delivered like that. If it does it quick, if it trades down here and does it quick,
that's indicating that we have turned the corner up here. And then we're probably going to want to
trade lower on a low on a higher time frame. There's a lot of interest, especially with all the
stuff that's going on around the world. There's a lot of w you paying attention going on. And right
below here, I see that getting attacked before we get to the holidays. And that's a, you know, it's
a big move. So, kind of like showing you my cards, if you will, but it has to do what I just
outlined moments ago. So, we traded below there. Next sellside of any importance is here because
this has already upset those relative equal lows as well. So that is key sellside liquidity. This
inefficiency we have to watch going forward if we can get into that. And let's just put it on the
charts. It's there and then I'm done for today. All right. And then change that to light blue
because it's a discount array. All right. And that's the business for today. I promise you these
lectures this week won't feel sexy. They won't be like, "Wow, that was a barn burner like we've been
doing for the first three weeks." But these are the parts that are going to help you the most.
Because me coming out here demonstrating ability and prowess and calling trades out, there's lots of
things I could show that are not in his model today and I would look great and people would leave
comments and it'd be a sugarfest and coma inducing uh, you know, loving comments all over the place.
I had three or four of them that said, you know, one of them was STFU, some punk. and uh he you get
to say something at one time, but the uh the majority was everything else is really really nice. And
a couple other people are like, you know, it's they're still confused. Well, if you just sat down
and started learning, that's a normal feeling. No one learns how to do it right away. It's it's not
something that's going to be easily learned, but we're we don't have a time limit on this because
it's my son. So, I'm putting him through the the ropes the way it should be, how it should be done,
and I'm giving him all of the reminders that it's normal for you to sometimes feel like you didn't
get something out of this. But if you look at it that you're not trading with real money before you
should have and you didn't lose anything. So, what are you doing? You're keeping yourself from
picking up toxic thinking. You're looking at it properly. You're observing price. We had objectives.
We were watching price and it delivered. That's how you should feel about it. You should feel that
we were able to see where it could gate to, where it could reach to. That was here from here. Soon
as we saw that this the bodies were not indicating that we were going to leave the fair value gap on
the 50-minut time frame bullishly leaving it going higher. Your eye is still looking for sellside
liquidity. Your eye is looking for discount arrays. You're looking for discount inefficiencies.
That's all this stuff here. And when you're new, you don't have the ability to find a trade right
away. And before that, you don't even know where it's going. Where can it likely draw to? How do you
know that? How do you know when the market's not likely to continue running? as I indicated in here,
one, two, three drives or in the book uh street smarts they call it three three Indians. Why are
they not getting clout uh chasing uh police to tell them that they renamed a three drives pattern,
right? But there's logic in reading price action like this in a relaxed state where you're not
trying to impress anybody. You're not trying to press a button. You're taking information. You're
collecting it and you're observing. You're going to look back at this price run here three, four,
five, six months from now. If you've done it, if you took the time to go through and and look at the
observations you make today and make that in your journal. And then when you look at it half a year
from now, six months from now, next summer, when you're looking at price action, you're going to see
so many things that you don't see right now. And it's going to be so obvious to you that it's there,
but you can't recognize it right now. And it may be your second or third model that you see. You
don't have to have just one. I have models that I work with in in markets that are choppy listless
type lethargic price action. And I have models that will do very, very well in that. But they won't
work well in trending models. If I know the market's likely to trend, I got three or four models
that do very, very well at that. I have models that are focusing on reversals. I have models that
trade the market maker buy and sell models. I have models that simply trade intraday volatility and
I'm buying and selling all day long. Up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down. That's enigma. I don't
need a bias for that. I don't need long-term draws on it. I don't need anything. I don't need any
PDA rays. I don't need any of that stuff for that. but to communicate in a language for you, my
children, to understand it and for anyone that wants to make themselves available to learn it with
them. This is the language I've created. So that way you can see it, learn it, and then go into
price action using that language and then you will see what your model is and it's not me pushing
you to it. Think about what we showed so far. We have the optimal trade entry which was the longest
running flagship setup on my YouTube channel. And then you had my daughter's model 2022. Then you
had silver bullet which is Cameron's model. And now you're seeing that the new day opening gap, new
week opening gap with a fair value gap, the first presentation of that. That's Caleb's model. So
silver bullet's always there. Every single day silver bullet is there. I've seen a couple people
putting videos out saying it don't work anymore. They changed it. Again, I don't want to have the
conversations anymore because number one, it's it's obviously discounted and you can discard that
logic by simply going in with the right way of looking at what it's doing, but they want it to be
perfectly easy. And because they can't do it, they want to put the message out there because that
way their followers don't expect them to try to be able to do it effectively because they're saying
it's changed. It's not changed. Nothing's changed. The date is changing. Your calendar date is
changing. The logic of making these markets go up and down, that's never changing. And you should be
comfort comfortable accepting that. It doesn't mean that you're going to be able to engage with
price action every single day with your model. You might see a setup form and you might second guess
it and not take it and it runs. How are you going to feel about that, Caleb? Are you going to be mad
that you doubted yourself and then it ran and you could have made money? You could have done
something to impress dad. You could have said, "Look at this, Dad." But you didn't do anything. And
now you're thinking, "I don't have anything to show him." And I'm releasing that for you right now.
You do not do that. What what's impressive to me is you didn't feel comfortable taking the trade
even though you saw it. You didn't feel comfortable with it. Something about it didn't feel right
and you didn't press into it. You've monitored price and it delivered. The takeaway is you
controlled yourself. You didn't break the model. You didn't chase price after it started moving
after your model spoke. That's what I'm impressed by. I'm impressed by that you saw that it was
there. I'm impressed by that. That's normal progress. That's the thing that you should be focusing
on. But unfortunately, we as humans, we do not want to see it like that. We look at it as we missed
money. We missed an opportunity and I'm an idiot because I couldn't take my model and execute on it.
And you beat yourself up verbally. You're driving to and from work thinking about what you could
have did right versus the things I'm telling you that dad sees that you will be doing right and I'm
pleased by. because that's the stuff that keeps you in this industry long enough for you to get the
experience to be consistently profitable and the experience that you glean over time will help you
fare it out. Picking the right ones that you want to be a part of. There's going to be times when
your model's going to say, "Yep, it's a t it's a time to trade. It's it's there." And you're going
to say, "You know what? The daily chart, what it's been doing, what we got in that calendar later
today or later in the week, I'm not touching this one. I'm just going to watch it. And if it moves,
great. I'm entertained by that. It just gives me one more little nudge of assurityity that I know
what I'm doing and what I'm looking for. But if you make every fluctuation and every single time you
sit in front of charts about making money before you know how to make money, you're going to lose
money. And that will repeat all the time. And the only thing you're going to get from that is
regret, toxic what if thinking. And you're going to be fearful to take setups in the future. You're
going to be fearful that it won't work because you are forcing inexperience to deliver Olympic feet
results and that doesn't ever work. It never works. So when dad tells you to relax, don't look for
these things to be I have to show that I I I can call it when it got to the right fair value gap and
it went to where I thought it was going to go. That that that will come. I know that will come. But
that will come as a result of you doing this. Relax. Watch price. It reaches to the levels we
understand. We are looking for it to gravitate. How did you feel as price was dropping down there?
Some of you watching that are easedropping in in our conversation here. You've been invited
nonetheless, but you're still ease dropping. How did you feel as price was dropping? Did you think,
"Wow, I can't drop any more than that. Oh, it's probably done. It's it's probably done now. It's
going to start going up." Did you have any moments like that? There are wonderful opportunities to
go in and annotate that's what you thought was happening at the time and then study what price
actually did. What signatures were there to indicate that nothing had changed? Nothing changed. We
went down and stopped with the bodies here. We went outside of the new week opening gap right into a
up close candle. That right there, that little retracement and then break down right there. Soon as
we cross over that, that's that's another indication that liquidity is being offered to the
downside. That means we're still in a sell program. That means that sell side is still the mode of
delivery, lower prices, in other words, and the market just simply goes right back up to that one
more time. When anybody looking at this, maybe if you put an indicator like RSI or CCI or MACD, any
kind of momentum indicator, I bet you that there is some measure of bullish divergence with these
lows. And if you're watching indicators like that, stochastic, something to that effect, you get
tricked into thinking, okay, it's done. Look how much it's moved. So, and you start seeing
divergence and momentum indicators like that, then, oh, it's it's definitely done. And I lost so
much money doing that in 1992, 1993, 1994 trading with divergences thinking that it's it's done
because it's diverging. I mean, it has to follow what the indicator says, right? And it doesn't. It
doesn't respect it at all. Okay? But if you start looking for trend following type two divergences,
that means on your momentum indicator. If you look at the high here in the high that's made in your
indicator, I'm telling you how to use retail logic with my stuff behind it. My stuff makes your
retail stuff work because this is the market. And it's going to very it's going to sound very
condescending and arrogant. Did you just hear this guy? Yeah, I said what I said. Go back. Didn't
listen to it. But the short-term high here and this lower high here, you're going to see your
momentum indicators are going to have a higher high reading here versus that one. And that's a type
two trend following or what is called as a hidden divergence. And Nick Vanise was the author and
creator and he's the one that gave it to this trading industry. It was not George Lane and George
Lane didn't invent stocastics. Okay? So these are all things that are promoted in books and because
people hear it and they've read in other books, they think, well, this is that's the history. This
is what it really was. And you don't know anything when you have that stuff. And that's what you're
seeing. You're seeing a wave of smart money concept books being written by clueless individuals on
Amazon trying to get their little market history and they're just basically going to be a [ __ ]
stain in the underwear of trading. They're literally out there making fools of themselves because
when the real logic is shared, it's going to be a glaring obvious spotlight placed on their
ignorance. But it's a cash grab. They got to pay their credit cards off. They got student debt. I
get it. You got to pay your bills. I got it. But you're not going to be a pillar in the industry.
You're not going to be a giant. No one's going to care about your book because it's going to be
toilet paper and rushing to do things like that versus sitting down with a notepad listening to the
old man. Listen to me. My goal is for you to do well and learn it correctly. Casper SMC. Young man,
I think you probably put more ICT content out than anybody else besides myself and you've recently
made a video like all the trade set ICT trade setups in 19 minutes. You're teaching something in
your diagram, the change in the state of delivery, you have that on the lowest down close candle.
That's wrong. It needs to be on the highest succession down close candle. So that's wrong. and even
even in your diagram you can see prices go right to the opening price of the second highest down
close candle. That's the change in the state of delivery. Okay, that's the order block. So fix that.
Re-upload your video or make a overlay and correct yourself because that's not right. But I was
going to leave a comment but I thought that would be rude. But uh this way everybody can go and
watch you and get some ad revenue off of it but correct it because it's not right. So the uh the
main takeaway is for the lecture today is for you to slow down. Observe price when it's not obvious
and your model's not speaking to you, Caleb. Don't force anything. Don't try to reverse it. Don't
try to force a setup. Don't try to chase something else. Don't reach for another PD array of dad.
Well, I can't find my model today, so I'm going to I'm going to trade or blocks or I'm going to
trade optimal trade entry or I'm going to use something else. Don't do that. That's one of the
biggest things that my paid students made the mistake of trying to do. They don't have the
wherewithal to stick with the model. And that means being comfortable with their model, not giving
them a setup today. It's not an everyday make money. When when you're brand new and you don't know
what you're doing, that is not the right mindset. And and people that tell you that, they're fools.
They're absolute fools. And if they get lucky to force something in those environments, what they
have done is they've rewarded bad thinking. They've rewarded impulsiveness. And that's exactly what
a gambler feels when he goes to the casino and he thinks he's lucky and he goes home without money.
He goes home with regret. But guess what? He's gonna get comped a free room so he can go back out
there again and give them more money. And he's going to take that as as an indication that the
universe is telling me I'm lucky. Look at this. They gave me a really good comp. And I even got a
show ticket, too. I got to fly out there again. Not realizing that they haven't made any changes
that's going to make them better at gambling. They just think that everything's going to work out
for them. And that's exactly what people do when they're watching price action. They zone out like a
deer in headlights and they think, "Well, you know, my model's not here, so what else do I do?" you
sit still and you log how difficult it was for you to sit still and at the end of the day you didn't
lose money. That's the win. That's the takeaway. You're never going to hear profitable traders that
teach emphasize the importance of that. You're you're not going to hear it because it's all about
getting into a move so that way you can high-five each other. Look at my certificate. I got a funded
account. Look at my payout. High five. That's what it's about. The engagement traffic about how I
have lots of people that are making money. I have lots of people passing funded accounts. I have
lots of people getting payouts. I have lots of people trading real money accounts. And that's going
on all day long all the time. But I'm not cheerleading that. The folks that come here, while that
might be great for them that they're making money, there's nothing that they can do by seeing
someone else's success like that. It might inspire you like, "Wow, I want to be able to do that,
too." But I'm going to tell you the real behind the scenes feelings are there and I want to rush to
get to that. That's what always happens. my students that have been honest when they see other
people in our groups be successful and they made money, it's almost like resentment. It's
resentment. And it's easy to see why my community, the people that follow me, are the most abrasive
and called toxic because they're so in a race to keep up with the ones that are successful in my
community. And when they can't get there as fast as they want to, they become very toxic and
critical of everything. And that stems from not doing what I'm teaching this week. You have to
relax. My results are not your results. You've never seen someone outline a $200,000 trade live
ever. You've never seen that before, but you seen it Friday. You saw that Friday. But there's some
people that say it doesn't work. He called both sides of the market. No, I did not. I did not. But
you that are demanding, I need to know every day. I need to know the right ones that work only when
it makes me money and I need to know how to use a stop-loss that's never going to get hit. If you
have that framework right now, this is the week that you want to spend the most time in because you
have a lot of character flaws that are going to and they're normal. Don't get me wrong. I'm not I'm
not trying to beat anybody up that thinks like this and I'm not trying to make you feel stupid. It's
an opportunity to recalibrate or to initially calibrate yourself with the right mindset because if
you go into trading if you go into trading with these things in your head that you're that you're
putting so much emphasis on my model has to be executed every single day. I have to make money every
single day. I got to be able to see my model when it presents itself. You might have a model of
choosing and it might not be this one here that I have for Caleb. You might see a day where you
didn't see it form and and then it starts running. Oh, I missed it. You know what that is? That's
progress. But it isn't going to feel like progress when you first do it. It's going to feel like you
failed. And you're going to feel like I don't want anybody to ask me how I did today. I don't want
to go on social media. I'm not going to talk. I'm not leaving comments on my favorite friends
because if I stay on the radar, they're never going to ask me, "How was your day today?" And you
don't want to have to lie, but you will forced into a corner. You're going to say, "Yeah, you know,
my model did this. I did this. My model gave this many points." Okay? But that's not trading it. And
you know that. And now what you just did, you just laid down scar tissue. You inflicted wounds on
yourself. Your ego and your intellect has now been bruised. You did something with a transaction
with people that don't care about you. They don't care about you. If you make money, they don't
care. If you lose money, they're going to be there to laugh about it, but after that, they're done.
They're looking for something else because it's all stimuli. So, you have to have the right
perspective of what you're doing, why you're doing it. The outcome is not the goal. the process and
following that process. That is the goal because if you do those things correctly, the results will
do what they're supposed to do. Keep stacking up in in positive the column. But if you don't have
the right mindset going in and observing, okay, there's nothing for me to do right now. So sit still
and be okay and be comfortable knowing that that's fine. That's that's realistic for you to feel,
well, you know, I'm looking for something and it might not present itself today or you just aren't
on your game today. You're not dialed in and it it runs and it doesn't do anything to get you in.
That's wonderful. You didn't lose money. That's that's someone with 32 years of experience telling
you that that's okay. It's good. It's good for you to not have lost money doing things that were
silly. But if you've ever traded with real money, how many times have you done silly things like
that and you knew, "Wow, I wish I could just go back in time. I knew it wasn't anything in the
market. I just I just gave into that impulsiveness. I just want to push the button." Guess what?
Women tend to do that less. Now, I do have students that are female that have admitted that they've
done that, but not to the degree that men do. I have so many students over the last 20 years that
it's almost like the same person's writing them. They're not. I've received payments from a lot of
them and they're not the same person. And their initial stages were very similar. I don't even know
why I pushed the button. I was just I sat there. I don't know if it was being being bored or what it
was. I just felt like something came over me and I just pushed the button to get in. And I knew as
soon as I pushed it, I should have never done it. But then it started working in my favor. I was
like, "Well, what man? Wow. It's it's really doing something." And then comes back on them and they
lost money. And then that you're losing money when you follow your model. It's it's measured risk.
And it's something that you should be comfortable with if you lose. If you're not ready to accept
that, and I'm going to repeat it again because it probably went right over your head. If you're not
ready to follow a model, trust that this is the framework in which you're going to engage price,
place a stop-loss, a real stop-loss, not a two handle stop-loss, something that's reasonable that
based on the the structure in the marketplace you're in engaging with, it's reasonable for it to
fluctuate around, but if it goes to that stop, you're definitely wrong. That's why most people don't
want to use a stop loss because what are they doing? They're defining a moment in price where
they're wrong. And that just cut real deep right now, didn't it? You're uncomfortable. You want to
turn the video off. You want to stop watching the stream right now because I just pushed you into a
corner like a bully and said, "Give me your [ __ ] lunch money." But you got to recognize that. You
got to say, "You know what? That's true. So, that's an opportunity. How can I correct that? Well,
I'm glad you asked. You have to learn how to read price action and know what your model is
suggesting is likely to occur in price. And you cannot figure that out by watching my videos. You're
just getting familiar with it. But you have to watch price action. You have to study it. You have to
back test it. You have to log it and get comfortable seeing it many, many, many times. I take losing
trades, folks. It's it's it's going to happen to you, too. But I don't go into a market and think,
man, what if I get stopped out? All this stuff's going to go out the window if this trade fails. If
this one stops me out, I might as well just throw all this stuff away and just start trading
Ballinger bands. That's never going to happen. But the point is is when you're when you're forced to
come to the root decision making catalysts of using a stop-loss, a trader without a model, without
experience that should not be trading with real money yet to implement and use a stop-loss, which is
what you always should do. You should never be trading without a stop-loss ever. I don't care what
anybody tells you. You're an idiot if you're trading without a stop-loss. You're literally saying,
"I don't care how much it wants to hurt me. I'm here for it." That's what you're saying. And that's
not somebody that's managing risk, right? And that to me is crazy. But if you're saying to yourself,
I'm going to implement a stop-loss on my trade using the model that I'm trying to engage price with.
I'm placing my stop at this price level, whatever it is. When you do that, you're essentially
saying, I am wrong if it goes here, and I'm okay with being wrong, and I'm okay paying for this
experience. I'm going to college in this trade. I'm going to uh a seminar that I had to pay a fee
for, listening to a professional. Okay, you're using the same logic there. It's costing you
something. But that stop-loss is doing a whole lot more, isn't it? It's defining the very moment
that you, as a man or woman, a trader in the pursuit of success, that you're wrong. And some of you
think that you're going to be the person that never does it wrong. So, how do you avoid it? Don't
use a stop-loss. I'm never wrong then. But you're always blowing out. You're always failing your
challenges and you're always losing your funded account. That's what keeps happening because you
don't want to lose use a stop-loss. You don't want to admit that you're wrong about that trade idea
and you don't want to use a leverage that is reasonable that if you do get stopped out, yeah, you're
wrong on that trade and it didn't take more from you. So, you can still take another one that could
yield easily three to four, ten times what you just took as a stop-loss. But you're not thinking
that way initially. You're thinking, I'm going to make money. I want to get a payout. I want to pass
a fun account challenge. I want to show everybody my S certificate. I want to get handshakes from
everybody and out of boys and out of girls on social media. That's what you're trading for versus I
want to protect my equity. I want to be in this longer than just today or next week or this month or
this summer or this year. And my goals are I want to be able to replace my income. I want to be able
to pay my car note every month on this. I want to be able to pay grocery bill, not I want somebody
else to tell me I'm I'm doing good because doing things in trading for those types of results,
you're going to break rules. You're not going to follow your model. You're going to overlever
because you're trying to impress. And I don't want you thinking like that, Caleb. That's why your
rules are you can only trade with one contract. That's why you're going to be trading with a micro
contract first because you're not trying to impress me with how much you're making. I got plenty of
money. You know that. I ain't impressed by money. I'm impressed by skill set, following rules, and
being responsible and honest with what you're trying to do. So, when you get stopped out, when you
start trading, I'm not going to ever look at you and say, "What a failure." I'm going to be thankful
that you use the stop-loss. I'm going to be thankful that you at that moment decided that you are
wrong and you're comfortable in your own skin at that moment should you be stopped out. And it
doesn't take enough to hurt you. It doesn't change your trust in the model. It doesn't take enough
from the account that you can't take another trade. You see what I'm forming for you, son? I'm
giving you a shield first because if you have a really good shield and you can stand on your own two
feet, the market can slap you around a lot. And you can take a lot of those shots and you're still
there. You haven't got your sword and spear yet. You haven't got that stage yet. Okay? You're just
learning how to stay on your two feet and hold that [ __ ] sword later on to stab it in its heart.
Right now, you just have to hold on to that shield and keep yourself in the game. By doing it that
way, you're learning more about your footing. You're learning about how you have to navigate and
parry when the market does things you didn't expect. You're still in it. It doesn't change and wreck
your whole perspective on I'm never going to get it. And that's what happens with everybody.
Everybody feels that initially. No one has ever walked out there and had straight success and they
never doubted whether they're going to be able to do this consistently. No one's not ever had that
moment of doubt. And the more you involve yourself initially with trying to chase the money, the
sooner that moment's going to come. And you don't have enough experience to say, "That's not
realistic for me to think that way." But while you're at work, when you're with your girlfriend and
your boyfriend, when you're eating, you're going to be disgusted because you're thinking that way.
And that's going to consume that private time that you're away from the market. You're going to be
obsessively thinking about the market. And what are you going to be obsessively thinking about? how
good you've been trading. No, you're going to think about the things that you are doing wrong and
you're laying down more scar tissue and it's going to make it harder for you to learn how to do this
thinking that way. Once you have scar tissue, that's toxic thinking. That means you're fearful of
the outcome of the trade. You're fearful of the model working for you and you want to stop using
that model and it's going to be easier for you. It's going to be painless for you to to say, I'm not
using this one. It doesn't work for me. I want to use something else. Or you'll take a leap and
completely say, I don't want to use any of this logic. Give me an indicator. And you're hiding from
the root cause that you are not doing what you're supposed to be doing. You're not sticking to a
process. You haven't for you haven't formed a model that you can stay with to see the results are
there. I literally could flip a coin. Flip a coin. Heads I'll buy, tails, I'll sell. the first
return to the opening range gap. And if I'm not risking but one quarter of 1% by the end of the
year, that's profitable. That's a challenge for someone to run the numbers on. Use your system
tester to do that. Rewind it. Listen to the logic. It's simple. Use the other end of the opening
range as your stop loss. At the end of the year, you're making money. I just gave you something
that's completely mechanical. Literally completely command. It doesn't even have a bias. It's
simple, but that's demanding too much of you. Just like staying on the right side of the road is too
demanding for most people. Just like the sign that says don't go faster than the speed limit.
They're not suggestions. That's the law. But I break the law a lot. I want to see how fast I can get
above that speed limit from a red light. If I have nobody in front of me and it's open road, my cars
sometimes get asked to do things that they legally are not allowed to do. But I'm not doing that on
95 trying to be speed racer and risk everybody's lives in my own personal property. I know that that
stop loss might get hit. I manage a risk there. But I'm on a back road and it's a straight shot.
It's all farmland. Worst thing can happen is a deer jumps in front of me and that would suck. So
everything has to be measured in risk and you're gravitating towards understanding how to define
that risk, but you're doing it in a way where you're not focusing on the results of monetary wins or
losses. That's not the that's not the report card. We're not even there yet. We're not there yet for
you. And seeing a move that oh, I could have made. No, don't. If you say, "I could have," you just
replace it. Well, I don't need to do that right now. I didn't need to do it right now. That's how
you replace that logic. And it's it it's a a way of replacing and recalibrating your mindset about
the outcomes. You're rushing to get to a a I am profitable and I'm going to be up will go out and
make more money today in the afternoon. I'll go out there and do it tomorrow because I have a model.
Until you get good at trusting the model and identifying it, that's that part's never going to be
there. And people don't put themselves through the proper time required to get to that mindset. And
that's why they system hop. That's why I system hop as a young man. I have no shame in the game
telling you that's exactly what was going on in my mind because I wanted immediate results. I wanted
immediate feedback that it works all the time. All the time. I wanted everything to be perfect and
easy and fast for me. And that's why I talk to all of you that are listening in that m mindset and
that delivery of criticism because I went through the same thing. I'm not trying to talk down to you
like I didn't go through it. I went through the same stuff. I didn't have somebody trying to kick me
in the rear end and say this is wrong. I had to lose a lot of money many times to learn the lessons
that I'm doing this wrong because I kept repeating the same stuff expecting a different result. And
some of you simply want to go through the same things I went through because it's like a like we're
sitting around like remember I've used this before. I love the movie Jaws, the original one, and uh
Roy Schneider and uh the two other guys are sitting on and they start comparing their scars, how
they got hurt, and like, "Oh, yeah, look at this." That's typical of men. That's that's a classic
man thing. Try to one up the next guy. Oh, you did that. Well, look at mine. I got some or you know
the guy, you're the guy or you have a friend that's always done something bigger, faster, better.
That's a man characteristic. You don't see that in women. That's why they're better traders. That's
why they're better traders. They focus on what they got to do. What do I got to do? How do I do it
and leave everything else extra out of it. And when they get there, they're not parading it around
with peacock. Peacocks, it's a male thing. I I'm I'm I'm open. I tell you, that's what I do. I go
over to my wife say, "Look what I did. You know who you're married to, woman? Look at this. You got
You get all this. All this is yours, girl." High five. That's right. But you want to go through it
sometimes. Most of you men, you want to go through that same process. Yeah, I came through a
battlefield. ICT was just like you, brother. Yeah, I went through the same stuff. Why? When I talk
like this and I teach this way, it's the intended purpose for you to avoid it. you become be better
by not going through those things. I can recognize that some of you will be smarter than I am and
say, "You know what? This man was honest enough to say where his shortcomings are, what he focused
on too much early on that caused him to make this learning curve longer, taking more time than it's
necessary, trying to do stupid things instead of just saying these are the these are rules, these
are the model parameters I got to operate in. this is the time it's going to be there or it's not
going to be there. If it's not going to be there, guess what? I didn't lose any money and I've
gained more experience. I've bolstered the confidence in myself that I didn't recklessly plunge
ahead without doing a model. I didn't go in impulsively and just chase price action. And I didn't
execute and pay commissions on a losing trade on top of it. That's all winning. That's winning
because costs of trading, if you're reckless and you just go nuts, you can have trades that
mathematically look profitable, but because you've overleveraged and trade so much, the commission
costs and fees eat it all up. And there's so many people that don't realize that until they start
doing it. Yeah, man. My trades add up to $1,000 today. I made $1,000. Yeah. What'd you pay in
commission? Well, you know, I had to pay $1,200 in commission because I traded a lot. But that's all
right. I made $1,000. No, you didn't. No, you didn't. You spent $1,200 and now you have less money
in your account. That's not a winning day. When's the last time your mentor told you that? That's
the reality of trading. without a model, without rules, commission costs and fees are like piranha.
They're just waiting for you to get into the marketplace because they're getting those commission
costs and fees whether you make money or not. So, you have to only engage when it's more likely that
you're going to see your model paying out. Watch the buy side here. Note that one. Okay. Um just for
the PM session. So, even if it wants to go lower, I'd like to see it trade up there, bump that, cuz
that would be where anybody short would have trail their stop loss. But, um, I I' I've went over
today a little bit more than I wanted to. I I wanted to try to keep it at like 10:30. But, these
lectures are meant to calibrate your mindset, Caleb, to to remind you what you're doing, to avoid
chasing things that are not important right now. That's the main takeaway is because if you go in
thinking unlike the things I'm trying to shape your mindset around focusing on the important things
and filtering out all the other stuff, it's going to be harder for you to learn this and also to be
comfortable in your own skin. If you don't want to listen to these lectures, I promise the outcome
is going to be this. And I mean this entirely. It won't be for Caleb because I'm going to put him
through the woodshed. He's going to have to do this and this is the way it is. But for all of you
listening, the outcome is going to be this doesn't work. There's too many moving parts. I don't like
it. It doesn't work because it doesn't give me enough trades. If you have one good trade a week, you
have more than 99% of retail traders because they have no idea what they're doing, but they're
taking lots of trades. So having more of a a frequency of trade is not a that's not a plus for
anyone that doesn't know how to trade unless you know how to do something really really well that
you can wait all week for all week. One of the exercises I forced myself is I had to take a
timebased trade on a Friday in a PM session. That means I was not allowing myself to take any setups
while I watched price. Lots of opportunities and it was agonizing for me. I wanted to push the
button on everything. But to teach myself patience and self-control, which I needed a lot of in the
beginning. I didn't have that. I was like a cowboy literally just gunslinging everything. Byebye.
Bye. Bye bye. If if Kramer would have been around then, I would have been broke faster. But Kramer
is a guy on CNBC. It's he's a perfect indicator. When he says something's going up, it's going down.
And you know, just look at his data. It's crazy. But I had to force myself to don't trade until the
afternoon session. That means 2 o'clock to 4:00 on that Friday. I that was the only time I could
take a trade. And every single day it was like my skin was crawling. I was going through withdrawal
like man like I I I don't know if I can do this. And so many times I would have my platform opened
up thinking okay I'm going to call the broker and I'm going to put this trade on. I'm watching Meta
Stop. That was my pl that was my that was my Trading View chart program Meta Stop. And I had Super
Charts. I had trade station and it was very very hard for me to sit still and to be honest with you
sometimes I gave in and guess what happened? I would lose and that loss was multiplied so many times
over because I did not listen to the rules. I crossed the yellow line. I went over the speed limit
and I drive. I drove under the influence of greed. So, should I be surprised that I wrecked? I
shouldn't be, but I was at the time. Like, how' this happen? How could this happen to me? I didn't
deserve that. Yes, you did, Michael. You didn't follow the rules. You impulsively traded. You were
supposed to wait until Friday, the afternoon session between 2 o'clock and four o'clock because
you're not controlling yourself. You don't have self-control and you're trading impulsively. So, I
had to force myself with these things. Maybe it's not that extreme for you. Maybe you you you're
thinking that you're exempt from that. Okay. Well, what are you going to do to overcome that
impulsive nature? It's only fixed by doing less and growing comfortable with less. And I found that
I could do one trade in the bond market. And that one trade in the bond market could yield me more
than my whole monthly income. And I'm like, wow, this is a whole lot less than I thought it was
going to require. And that was an astonishing moment for me. It was an epiphany where I thought you
had to trade every single day because the markets are trading. I I got to find a trade. And I
realized that less is more. Less is less to worry about. If you have four trades a month, your
commissions are going to be the lowest it can be. I mean, think about it. Your commission costs are
going to be you extremely light. And if you're profitable, wow, your your net profitability is
through the through the roof. But no one's telling you that as educators. No one's telling you that.
They're telling you go, go, go, baby. And all these funding account companies, they love it because
that's more commission costs or fees that they're collecting and more likely you're going to blow
the account and then start up all over again. And I'm telling you, Caleb, you're not feeding them
that. You're not fattening their wallets. You're going in just enough to take what you need. That's
it. They'll make a little bit of money off of you. That's that's a given. But you're only in there
to make a couple grand. Once you get to $5,000, that $5,000 is going to come out of there and you
will never open up another transaction with that funded account company ever again. And that $5,000
is going to go into AMP Global. And AMP Global, you're going to trade a micro contract. And you're
going to build that up slowly until you can get to one standard lot. How are you going to know when
you can trade one standard lot? When you're trading with one and a half times the full exchange
margin. Man, that's going to take I don't care what anybody else says about how long it's going to
take. You're in this to have a career. you're going to get bored with doing this. So that way when
you are trading with the standard lot, you're going to be making more than everybody else out there
that's going to criticize if you give them a stage for it. They're going to be working their jobs
when you're making doctor salaries in a month. They're going to be regretting not doing the things
that you're going through when you're making more money than they ever imagined. they'll still be
where they're at. Toxic thinking, being critical of other people when you have done the work. And
when you take trades, you're not going to be anxious. You're not going to be worried about if you
get stopped out because the leverage that you're using is the minimum. And the the risk you you're
placing on the trade cannot take your account from you. And when you have one winning trade for the
day, you're done. If you have a losing trade, you're done. There's no question. There's no
conversation. There's no doubts about it. This is the way it is. And you will make millions of
dollars as a result of that. It just takes the time element that nobody else wants to put themselves
through. They don't want to go through this process of forging ahead with the right mindset and slow
and steady giving yourself a chance to understand yourself and how you're going to derail yourself
because it's my rules that you're following. Those rules will keep you from derailing. You cannot
blow that account. Trading like that, you cannot absolutely cannot blow the account. It's not it's
not possible. But invite more than one trade a day and invoid and invite trading with a standard lot
versus a micro before you're able to really afford it. Because with Ant Global, you can trade a
standard lot with 300 bucks and that is reckless. So many people have gone into very very low
commission brokers. I'm gonna be honest with you. You know, I've I've I've let the live account be
pushed with the expectations of my children to show them the results of money going up, money going
down. And they've watched that. And to see them smile and think, "Wow." When it was real money in
profit, and then watching their face when, yeah, that was a real $8,000 loss. And they're like, "
$8,000? Wow." Yeah. It's sobering, isn't it? But see, when you go in, you're thinking that it's
always going to be perfect, and you're shielding yourself and putting blinders on, thinking it's not
going to be that way for you. You're going to do it differently, and you'll be able to walk through,
and they'll just just be easy. You're lying to yourself and you're filling yourself up with
expectations that can't be met. So, you're making trader trading harder than it needs to be. You're
making learning how to trade harder than it needs to be. versus finding comfort and fun in reading
price action. If you make that your first stage and bloom there, everything you do in profitable
trading that's consistently profitable is going to stem from you doing this part right. But nobody
wants to spend the time here doing this. They'll go to the golf range, pay the fees to be on a golf
course and hit balls out there like they're going to be the next Tiger Woods, knowing full well
they're not going to be on any PGA tournaments. They're not going to be on TV. But they're going to
be out there, damn it, every weekend. When the weather's good, I got to be out there on the green.
That's not going to make them any money. They're going to put all the emphasis on getting out there
in the woods to get that deer when they got food in the refrigerator. I got to go out there with the
boys. It's got to happen. The fish are biting, hunting. I got to get up early tomorrow. I don't know
what time I'm coming home, but me and Rick, we're out there. We're going on the boat. Whatever.
You'll pour your time and effort and energy and all these other things. And you'll spend your money
chasing women in the club on Fridays and Saturday night and on Monday regretting it and having
nothing to show for it. And then but you'll do the same thing. Work all week to do that same thing
on the weekend. Raise up your another week of girl money. And women, I'm not trying to be mean to
you, but that's just what men do. And some of you women are smart. They want to drink for free. You
know how to work that system. You ain't going home with nobody, but you're drinking for free. And
men simply just don't see it. They can be roped easily. And that's why you suck as traders because
you want to throw your money away. And these markets are a cruel lover. It'll shake its ass at you,
bat its eyelashes at you, and say, "Come on, honey. You got a chance." But you're going home alone
broke. She had a great time. She had a great time. You paid for a wonderful experience for her to
take it from you. And that's why you suck as a trader because you think that way. in instead of
saying I want to know where I'm likely to make bad choices and I need to fortify those areas. I
don't want to get drunk. That's why I don't drink alcohol because if I get drunk, I'm already an
impulsive creature. I swing from one spectrum to the next. Very rarely am I in the middle. So if I
intoxicate myself or if I take drugs, I would be one extreme or the other. And I've never been in an
environment where like that. I don't want to give myself that opportunity. So if I know that that
would take me out of my mental faculties, I won't be able to make decisions. Well, I avoid that. I I
have abstained from those things all my life. Trading you have to think about the same way. This is
what like the best part of Alexander's uh book Alexander Elder Trading for a Living is the first
half where it has nothing to do with charts. That's where that book really shines because of it
talks about persons that have alcohol addiction and I grew up in an alcohol addicted h household. My
family members were all drunks or druggies. And my father, who is about to come out in the real
world after 40 plus years in prison as a contract murderer, Michael Joe Harington, 155634, that's
his inmate number. We're the cut. The cut is the Jessup House of Corrections. Okay. He's been
parrolled and we're waiting for him to be released. Um, he picked up a drug addiction over in
Vietnam, got addicted to heroin, came home and the only way he could meet that expense was to do
things illegally and got wrapped up in the wrong people and started doing things he shouldn't have
done and ended people's lives for money. I'm not bragging about that. He deserved to be where he
was. He deserved that. And I know that book Alexander wrote, it resonated with me. I could see how
if I'm not careful, while I was a teenager, I kept myself from drugs. I kept myself from alcohol.
And I did not allow myself to have my my mind clouded by that stuff. And when I read that book, it
really resonated with me because I was like, "Wow." I'm glad I'm choosing to do this young because
maybe later in life, I could have had a midlife crisis and became an alcoholic or a drug addict
because I wasn't successful in life and I I I made bad choices and then there it is. I go into a
tail spin. But that book really it helped me focus on the most important factors. It's it's how we
think. What causes this impulsive nature. If you've never read the book, if you don't have the book,
go buy it. I don't have an affiliate link on Amazon. I'm not going to make any money off of it.
Alexander Elder is not going to give me a kickback for you buying his book. But the first half of
that book, honestly, that's the real problems why people can't make money. It's not that they don't
have a good system for technical stuff. The technical stuff is absolutely completely not important
at all. I can trade without a chart. I don't need a chart. But the things that we think about the
catalyst for why we make decisions and then when you put a cause and effect for making or losing
money behind these impulses if you've never identified what they are in yourself and we all have it
folks. Nobody walks around with clean laundry. Okay? Everybody has a dirty shirt somehow. Somebody
has two day old underwear. Okay? Something about us isn't right as a trader. And that small little,
you know, rock in in your shoe is going to cause you to walk differently. You won't be able to do as
much as you could unless you fixed it first. And by watching price action and studying how you
internalize everything that that market's doing, for men, it's a gladiator type thing. I'm going to
battle. It's an MMA fight, you know. I'm I'm slaying a dragon. I'm Rambo going in and vanquishing
all the enemies behind enemy lines with three bullets in my gun. I'm going to kill everybody with,
you know, with the the least setting themselves up for failure, not realizing it. Placing so much
emphasis on the cheerleaded after the fact moment that is likely never to come. And women don't
think that way. They think I have to nest. I have to get my resources together and I'm I have to
make sure that everything is how it needs to be. That's process and protocoloriented. Men are I'm
swinging my sword. I'm emptying my clip. I'm literally going to go out there and remove the head of
everything in front of me. I'm going to get the touchdown. I'm going to be the Super Bowl winner.
I'm going to be the World Series winner. That's how men think. And that that thought process is the
very thing that holds men back as traders and allows women to excel. Think about it. If you're a
woman, it makes a whole lot more sense. Now, even if you aren't profitable yet, you know that you
are doing things that are processoriented, principle oriented, organized. Everything you're doing is
organized, not impulsive. Men, watch them. We are creatures of impulse. But when it comes time to
defend the family and the home, that's what we shine on. That's what we're designed to do. We are
absolutely the right thing for that. That's why we were designed to be bigger, stronger, faster. But
intellectually sometimes we miss the mark. And that is exasperated and highlighted with a bright
spotlight in trading. And if you're weak-minded, little dick energy, you look at this and say, "Oh,
I can't listen to this guy." Or you take as a personal insult instead of saying, "You know what?
This makes a whole lot of sense and I am holding myself back because I think this way." I had to do
the same stuff. Folks, it was hard for me as a young man who thought he figured out a lot of stuff
and how everything works and everybody is going to be impressed. Nobody was impressed. And it didn't
matter how much money I made. They were not impressed. They didn't worry about learning what I was
doing. They wanted to be around me and let me spend money on them. So, while I was not going to bars
and giving the girls my money through alcohol, they were getting things from me and my personal back
then friends that are not my friends now. They were just mooching off me. So, I lied to myself and
said, "Yeah, they respect me because they want to hang around with me." No, they wanted the gifts
that I was giving them for hanging out and I was spending the money because it made me feel like a
big shot. So, who's smarter there? It wasn't me. It wasn't me. It was them. They were the market
then. They were taking from me. And I was lying to myself saying, "I'm happy. I'm happy doing this."
When eventually it got to the point where, you know, this is dumb. What are they really bringing to
me? What are they making? What deposits are they making into my life because I don't even feel good
when I'm spending money on them anymore? And that's what you have to do. You have to take inventory
while you're watching price action and discovering what makes you tick, what makes you fearful, what
makes you feel like you have all the things figured out. And then when it doesn't work out like
that, what were those catalysts? Because that's your problem areas, the things that make you
impulsive. Do you get angry real quick? Do you feel scared out of no out of nowhere for no reason,
have anxiety attacks? You're watching price action and you're like, "Oh man, I'm having heart
palpitations." And you don't even know why it just happened. I'm telling you how it happened. In the
last 30 seconds, you just thought of something and you don't have an answer for it and it scared you
and you're trying to throw it away like it didn't happen, but it's telling you with your body
symptoms that you absolutely have something that you need to resolve. And if you're in the market
trading, chances are you have more leverage on than you should. Or you just took a trade impulsively
and you don't know what you're doing and you're just like the person at the casino that laid down
their chips on a hand that they don't know is going to win or not. Or they just put in money and hit
maximum bet on the slot machine and pulled the handle down and you know that that's either going to
be the last one you did or you're going to get lucky and your heart's palpitating. People put
themselves through that every single day. And if you feed yourself that as a steady diet, not
knowing what you're doing, overleveraging, overtrading, eventually eventually your body is going to
stop working properly and you will have a heart attack. You will have a stroke. The things that you
think you're about to feel and have, I have many times like that in my years. I just went through
vertigo for the first time. And that that vertigo attack made me feel like I was having a stroke. I
thought I was dying. And for weeks after that, I was expecting a heart attack, a stroke, but it was
just anxiety around not knowing what I had experienced and then later found out it was it's vertigo.
So now my blood pressure is fine. But when I'm in a constant state of oh, it's going to happen
again. I'm I'm you know it's a mess. Like it was messing up my blood sugar. It was messing up my u
blood pressure. Like I had wild high blood blood pressure, dizzy spells. And then finally when I was
shown that it was just vertigo. It's a small little calcium deposit that went into my inner ear and
tricked my brain thinking that I was spinning when I really wasn't. It's a terrible thing. But there
are exercises you can do to mitigate that. And it can come back. My mother's had it one time in her
life and never had it again. I've had one episode with it. I hope and pray in Jesus name I never
have another one of them. But if I do have it, I know it's not a stroke. I know it's not a heart
attack. But when you have it for the first time, it's terrifying. When you're in a trade and you're
overleveraged, Caleb, you will feel like that. You'll feel like the weight of the world's crushing
down on you and you're literally standing still but wishing you could run away. If someone tries to
talk to you, even if they're the sweetest tone and well-intended purposes and trying to console you,
you will think they're cussing you out and calling you the worst possible names and spitting in your
face. Get away from me because it's just one more thing that's causing more stimuli in your brain
because you're overloaded. You have taken on too much risk and you've done something impulsively.
You know what you should be doing, which is get out of the trade. That's the corrective measure to
stop it. You have to feel comfortable stopping a a transaction even if it's a losing trade. I have
traded as a 20-year-old in panic driving a truck and drove recklessly and took risks and hit signs
on the road because I was rushing to get to a pay phone, sliding on ice, nearly tearing off the
passenger side mirror of my employer's truck because I wanted to hurry up and get out of a trade
that I just couldn't hold on to anymore in soybeans. I was losing my ass and I was hoping and hoping
and hoping all day that it was going to turn around and I had literally seven or six minutes left
until I can get out of the trade. I tore the mirror almost completely off the truck, rushing,
turning into a road that didn't even look to see if there's a car coming. I could have end up
hitting someone. And the only thing I cared about was getting out of that painful feeling of I'm not
in control. And I ran into a company called Kelco on Baltimore Street. I'm not sure if it's even
there anymore. I hated going to that stop, but I went there on a day I'm not even supposed to
service it, but that was the first place I could go to that had a phone that I didn't have to put a
quarter into it. I just want to run to it, grab it, pick it up, and dial the number. And I got out
of the trade. And soon as I got out of the trade, even though the mirror was tore off and I had to
go and tell my boss, I I messed that up. I hadn't had any accidents prior to that. You would think
I'd be scared that I was going to lose my job. Oh, I got to because I got out of the trade. In 10
minutes of driving, my breathing was regulated. Panic was gone. Yes, I took a loss. Yes, my mirrors
tore up. And yes, I'm probably gonna get in trouble when I go back to talk to my boss and tell them
what I did. But I was able to take it. My mind wasn't clouded. I wasn't in a state of
disorientation, which is what you're going to feel in these markets if you let yourself trade like
this, not knowing what you're doing without a model, overleveraging, overtrading. You're you're
you're you're placing too much on your system, expecting a lottery result to come and and save you.
And people that don't have a model or know how to trade, they repeat this over and over and over
again. And there's people that are pretending to be mentors and they have no idea what they're
doing. They have no They don't even touch on these topics. Panic, anxiety. I lived with it for
years, years with it. And the first thing you have to control is how you think. And you won't know
how you're going to derail yourself until you go through the exercises of watching price, recording
what you feel, how you feel. Do you feel elated? Do you feel invincible? When do those things
manifest themselves when you're watching price? What does it look like in the chart? Because it's
going to happen again. And it's going to happen sometimes for you that are impatient when you're in
a trade with real money and you're going to feel invincible and then all of a sudden the rug gets
pulled out from underneath you. the market does what it's really going to do. And you're not looking
for those things. You're looking for further evidence that you're perfect. You're you're looking for
further evidence that you can't wait to go show everybody on social media how much money you just
made. But you're not going to talk about how you had heart palpitations. You nearly pissed yourself.
You feel like you're going to [ __ ] your pants. You feel like you're going to pass out, die. You're
not going to share those results. It was you had no problem doing it. It's just an everyday thing
for you. And that in itself is problematic because you're lying to yourself if you do those things
and you're making your progress harder because you're saying that it's easy for you right now when
you're struggling to go through it. Young men, listen, it is not shameful for you to say, "I am
really struggling right now to get this under my uh grasp. I'm I'm a wreck emotionally and
psychologically when I'm studying this stuff and I'm taking trades. I know I shouldn't do it, but I
can't stop myself." You're the same thing as a gambler going to a casino. You're the same thing as
that young man that takes all of his money that's worked all week and sees the pretty girl at the
end of the bar or across the club and says, "You know what? I'm going to spend everything in my
pocket with the expectation that I'm going to get that take profit of going home with her." And
she's just going to run your stop. She's going to margin call you. But you're going to do it the
same way next week with a different girl. When when is the end? When are you going to stop doing
those things? Think about it. What what is going to be the catalyst that says I'm not going to do
those things? Because in the marketplace, blowing the account and not having any more money to
refund it. Guess what? That's the outcome that's coming. It's going to happen. It will absolutely
happen to you. So you have to know what are these things that's going to trigger that so that way
you can recognize them and say I'm not going to recklessly plunge ahead. I'm not going to meet a
uncomfortable draw down of a losing trade today. I'm not going to feed that with more losses. Yes,
it's not fun going home with a losing trade. But you know what's worse? blowing the account, making
a small less than 1% loss turn into 10% draw down or maximum draw down for the day and you can't
trade your account. That sucks. That's recklessness. And not enough is said about these types of
things. And the closest I've ever heard Mark Douglas is doesn't he doesn't even come close. He
doesn't even come close. Not to be disrespectful, the book is essential. Everybody should have it in
their library. They should read it. But it still doesn't pair with the the the logic of knowing what
you're doing is wrong and someone telling you how to fix it and you ignoring it. You may have read
Mark Douglas's book, but are you implementing it? Hey, I read it, man. I'm an OG just like everybody
else. I read that book. And but how are you trading? You're not using anything from that book.
You're doing everything that he says that is going to be a problem. Think about it. You know what
you're doing many times is not what you should be doing. And you you shun that conscious in you.
That little inside voice that's yours. It's your conscience saying, "I I shouldn't I shouldn't press
the button." And you think, "Oh, wait a minute." And then something comes over top of you and you
press it because you just can't sit comfortably in a in a position of self-control. So you let
yourself do what your impulsive nature wants to do and then you lose money. And it doesn't happen
quick. It's going to be a long drawn out process, a painful lesson that should be used as a a means
of saying, you know what, I don't want to do this again. But that's not enough. That's not enough,
young man. You have to have more of it to see that there's a problem here that you need to identify.
What is it you're doing? Are you angry because something just happened and you want to have a feel-
good moment? Or are you impatient and you want to get there faster, knowing full well that you're
not ready? That's what you have to be identifying. You have to identify your impulsive nature, your
recklessness, and impatience. And what are those catalysts that promote that decision- making or
that thought process at the time when you're taking these impulsive decisions and placing them in
the marketplace is that that part's for the people that are already trading, not you, Caleb. But
this this is an area that is rich for people to write books on. If you have experiences where you've
made money, but you've gone through painful experiences like that and you want to write a book, I'm
buying your book. I'm buying that because that's someone that had to wrestle demons that they made
relationships with, that they protected. See, you're protecting all those bad decision-making
catalysts. You're protecting them instead of saying, "It's time to go. It's eviction day. You got to
get out of here." What I'm trying to do, there's no room for you here. I'm building an enterprise
and there's no positions open for detractors, derailers, things that's going to cause me to to to
not find my success and reach my opportunities and my threshold of success. You have to identify
them as soon as you can. And it's scary to do that because it makes you feel frail when fraileness
in the beginning is a strength. It doesn't feel that way, but it really is a superpower that you are
not going to let your ego and your pride mask what is going to be the biggest barriers for you to
succeed. All you have to do is recognize what they are and do everything you can to not feed them.
What's the success rate for guys that go to the bars and spend all their money? Are they finding
their wife? No. And the ones that you end up probably marrying in those conditions, do those
marriages just work out? Probably not. So, why would you expect it any different in the marketplace
when you're competing with the smartest people in the world that have control over everything and
they're tying strings to you like a marionette and they are going to make you dance when they want
you to. All they got to do is make the market run a little bit and oh, I've been waiting for this
move all morning. Let me get in there. I know it's probably not the best time to buy it, but I'm I
got to get in there because I don't want to miss it and I won't use a stop loss because I don't know
how much it's going to retrace. Does that sound like someone that has a sound logic and a model that
makes sense to trade on? No, it doesn't. But at the time, you're going to convince yourself it's,
you know, it's it's my model. It's my right now model. And right now model is the model that always
blows out. That wasn't your model 20 minutes ago. It wasn't the model last Friday. It wasn't what
you were starting to trade with and this is what you settled in on. It's your right now model. It's
your right now decision process that has absolutely nothing to do with why you're trying to trade.
It just means that you feel like you're going to get something out of the move. You're trying to
milk it. And many times you're not milking a female cow. You're milking a bull. And you know what
you get from that. So you have a lot of work in the early stages of your development that you have
to force yourself to be honest about. You have to recognize character flaws that once you identify
them and you build in coping skills like I had to learn lots of skills to manage anxiety and
agorophobia. I had fear of being around other people. I could not have done what I'm doing today
when I was 20. I couldn't have done it. I was I was so afraid of other people's view of me because I
was trying so hard to make myself into something to impress my grandfather. So I had this deep
rooted sense of wanting to shield myself from criticism and then eventually it led to a gorophobia.
I didn't want to be around other people. I didn't want to be around other people. They would say,
"Hey, how's your trading going?" because I blew that account then. And I didn't want to lie because
I didn't want to lie because it's it's not easy to manage a lot of lies. Once you start lying, you
got to remember everything. So, I would avoid all those things. I would avoid meeting up with
people. If we have family functions, I was sick. If if we have a cookout, I've already ate. I'm not
going. And I just stayed away from everybody because I didn't want the invitation of friends and
family to ask me how I was doing because I didn't want them to say, "Haha, we told you." So, it
caused anxiety and that anxiety exasperated to levels of agorophobia, which is fear of being around
other people. And your world shrinks down to what was at that time just my bedroom. And it started
this toxic cycle of everything about myself. I hated. Everything that I did was wrong. And I
punished myself and punished myself and punished myself and I was just in this small little world
that I created for myself with fear, anxiety, and depression. And then it grew into an eating
disorder. And I was very, very well-built as a young man. I was working out. I had a very amazing up
upper body. I didn't work I was the guy that didn't do leg day and I ain't got a shame and tell you
I look like a [ __ ] ice cream cone. But it is what it is. I ain't going to lie to you. I didn't
want to do my legs. It sucked. So, I wore big baggy pants, Zubaz pants back then, like Royal
Warriors, the wrestlers, you know, it was big baggy pants and then muscle TE's or tight uh t-shirts
and showed everything. And I went down from 195 pounds, which was stacked with no juice. I was going
to start taking steroids because I wanted to be a wrestler. WWF wrestler. And this agorophobia and
anxiety and eating disorder brought me all the way down to 150 pounds. And I might even show a
picture of it the next time we do a live stream. Um, I was emaciated. I looked a mess. I looked like
a cancer puh patient before chemo. Like it was bad. And my bones and my joints hurt because I was
malnourished. And I put myself through that. The market didn't do that to me. I did. I did that to
myself and it caused so many problems. I was developing an ulcer in my stomach. I had irritable
bowel syndrome and colitis a lot which are all terrible, terrible feelings of not being able to go
to the bathroom the right way. And because I was constantly pumping acid in my stomach through
stress and barely eating anything, I couldn't even drink water because it was painful. I was going
to the emergency room severely dehydrated and they had to put IV bags on me and I had to spend time
there getting rehydrated and I was doing it all the time and that wasn't enough to say you better
stop before you kill yourself. I was trapped in this loop of constantly feeding the demons,
protecting them. I was protecting them and I needed someone to say, "Hey, you need help. You need to
stop thinking like you're thinking and you're doing it to yourself. And a lot of my students that
have been upfront and honest and please don't take this as an invitation to to reach out to me email
because it's barely ever an opportunity for me for to get back to some of you that send me emails
and you end up sending me emails months later saying you're a jerk. You don't ever answer my emails.
Look how many people follow me. If just 5% of that ever sends me an email, I would never get through
them. So, it's not that I don't want to. I just there's so many of you. But I want Caleb to
understand that this is a wonderful opportunity for you to carve out a lifestyle, a life for
yourself. And it need not be millionaire status. You could just do really really well making less
than six figures but high 90s and be comfortable not have to work your job not have to commute two
hours. You know it that sucks working 12-hour days. That's replaceable. You don't need to do months
to get that replaced. But you can also chase unrealistic expectations and have high lofty goals on
yourself and paint yourself in a situation where you've told friends and family that you're going to
do this and you're going to do that and now you just made it harder for yourself. Which is why I
tell you in those Twitter spaces last year and in the year before when I was doing them that love
your friends and family from a distance and keep your business out of their attention. Don't tell
them what you're doing. Let them recognize what you're doing because your lifestyle has changed.
Telling people that you're going to be successful trading, you're make lots of money, all you have
done now is given them the fuel and the ammo to shoot you in your face and tell you, "I told you you
weren't going to be able to do that." Versus, if you just keep it to yourself, you're not elevating
the risks. You're not making it more complicated. You're not making it more emotional. You're not
making it harder for yourself to live up to expectations that are outside of your own. And as soon
as you invite other people to give you their opinion, you're now trying to appease what they think.
And they don't even know what a chart's telling them, but they're going to have an opinion about
trading. Nobody makes money in trading. Well, it's hard for people to make money and it's when it's
like that when you're complicating it with all these emotional, psychological barriers that you're
going to place up inside your mind and it's a normal thing. It's it's more prevalent than you
realize. Most people are really good at hiding it. They're they're ashamed of it. They think they're
not a man. They think they're not mentally fit when it's just you keeping yourself in a very
stressful environment and not identifying the exits. You choose to stay there. You're in a cell in a
prison, but the cell doors open and you can leave anytime you want, but you're you're making your
bed there. You're staying there because you you feel more comfortable in that pain than the pain you
think is going to happen because other people will be able to say, "I told you you couldn't do it."
So, you're going to keep doing all these things, making decisions on things that are not rooted in
sound logic because you want to be able to say, "I did it my way." And that way wasn't even
scientifically laid out as a process. This is what I'm going to do when I do this. If I have a
losing trade, then I'm going to react this way. I'm not going to trade. I'm not going to look at the
charts. I'm going to go back in. And I'm going to same model tomorrow when I find a setup. If the
setup's there, I'm going to execute on it. I'm not going to increase my risk. I'm not going to trade
more contracts. And once I get my win for the day, I'm done. I'm turning my charts off. I have to
control myself. You have to think this way and live it. Stay in a rulebased mindset. If you do,
you're going to have a whole lot less anxiety. You'll still feel stress. I mean, stress is normal.
Stress is a a proof that you're living. Your your heart speeds up a little bit. Guess what? That's
good. You're excited. That's not fear. You're excited because you're following your model and you're
doing everything right. See what I just did there. When I was 20, oh [ __ ] I wish this thing would
start moving faster. This it hasn't I haven't overcome the commission cost yet. My commission cost
back then was $100 for one contract. Think about that now. You guys are complaining and saying, "Oh,
man. Commission costs suck." I was paying $100. That's what everything cost back then. It wasn't
until Lyn Waldock and uh other uh brokers that came out and they had discount brokerage firm uh
fees, $35 round. But even that $35 per contract is still exorbitant compared to today. So, you're
paying when you're doing a 25 lot trade, you're paying a lot of money and you're not guaranteed to
even overcome the spread and the commission. You want to talk about stress, that's stressful. But if
you have a process you're following and you've already identified what you are going to think in
certain conditions when the market does what you thought it was going to be, how do you feel? Do you
feel like you want to go on social media and parade it around? You have insecurity issues. You need
to be validated. Well, you're going to do a whole lot of things in your trading to seek that versus
following a model that makes money and controlling risk. You'll be more likely to take big impulsive
trades overleveraged just to impress because if soon as you start that problem, that mistake of
taking your wins and your results that made money and you show it on the on social media, you throw
it out there in the ether and you're waiting for the confirmation from the sky above. You are the
chosen one. You are the one we've all been waiting for. We're all going to follow in a single file
line behind you and bow down and worship and kiss your ass. That's that that's what you really want.
And when they don't do it enough for you, you're going to have to think, well, I got to overlever
because the last time I made a $500 win, nobody really gave two shits about it. So, I have to now do
something to make over $1,000. So, what are you going to do? What needs to change? Your leverage. In
your eyes, that's what you think needs to change. But I'm telling you that doesn't need to happen.
Because if you make the same trade tomorrow using your model and all you make is $475, you made
$475. That's a win. You close the charts and you've got more experience and you've managed yourself.
You've controlled that impulsive nature, that intrusive thought about, I want to do more so I can
impress other people that you don't really care about. You just want them to tell you you're better
than you really are. You want some person to lie to you with a limited perspective of what you've
given them. They only can see what you've just shown them, but you've not been fully transparent and
said that you were terrified while you're taking that trade. You see, you see where this is a
problem? And then take a step back and think about everybody you talk to on social media, how this
is actually happening behind the scenes. You probably never thought about it. And how you're doing
it, too. And now they're all thinking the same thing about you. And you wonder why I'm laughing at
all of you because I did that same stuff. And you think that this is what you're supposed to do. And
it's not. Women aren't doing that. Women are not doing that. But all of you men are. All of you are.
It's a measuring competition. I'm not impressed by showing me one trade or one broker statement
where you did something where you made a little bit of money. I'm more impressed when I see someone
that's making it available to other people when they live stream. They let it all hang out. Come
hell or high water. It's a good day or it's a bad day. They're just out there doing it. That doesn't
mean I agree with their tra trading method. There isn't anybody out there that's trading on the live
stream that I agree with any of their methodology. But I'm impressed with their ability to put
themselves out there in that fishbowl for other people to watch. And it's a wonderful opportunity to
study human psychology both in their audience and how they think about price and how they worship or
troll the results of these people. But also when they show their face, look at their face. Read
their face. Are they able to stare at the chart? How often are they looking away from the charts?
That's them hiding. It's called point of indication in magic. I mentioned this in Friday. The uh I
know I'm going on and on and on, but I promise I'll say this and I'm stopping. In magic, when you do
a trick as a performer, magicians that are not refined, they will close their eyes at the moment a
slight of hand is being done because what they're doing is they're closing their eyes because they
don't want to see themselves flash. In magic, it's called like if you have a coin or a card in your
hand, you're trying to make it appear to the spectator that it's vanishing. You're actually hiding
and copying it in a certain handheld, but because they know that they're not really uh good enough
to be doing what they're doing, they will close their eyes at the very moment a slight of hands
being done. So when I studied under Jeff McBride, he's one of the best today card manipulators and
he taught on this principle and it was it made very very good sense to me as as someone that was an
educator. I was like, you know what, that's not just happening in magic. It happens in everything
and it's a tell. So, if you aren't careful, you're going to ignore these point of indications in
your character and you'll put band-aids on them. You'll close your eyes to the things you're doing
wrong, never sharing it with the public. But the public that can see you doing them, like for
instance, when a live streamer is in a trade, they didn't say they bought it or sold it yet, but all
of a sudden, they were talking real talkative. They get real quiet and they're not looking at the
charts a They'll look down. They'll bite their fingernail. They'll look at the car behind
themselves, think they probably paid too much money for it. How many people care about that car
anymore? Or they'll look at another chart or they'll start nodding their head to a song they're
listening to. Or even worse, listen. Because some of them are basically eating their microphone.
Their breath will become erratic. Okay, it's getting real annoying here. They're indicating to you.
That's point of indication. That's them not comfortable in the trade, not trusting the logic.
They're just hoping it's going to pan out for them. You need to do and I'm not don't take I'm not
trolling anybody by doing this. I'm telling you that's why I appreciate and I have a great deal of
respect for everyone that live streams, especially the ones that show their face because they're
literally laying themselves out there to be analyzed. seriously analyzed with psychology and
humanistic characteristics that are going to manifest themselves in what they're doing. You need to
do the same thing while you're learning how to read Christ action because you don't understand the
the magnitude and the depth and the impact that these things that you're trying to mask and hide in
yourself. If you don't recognize what those things are, those being, what makes you feel
overconfident? What triggers that? What made you feel so overconfident that you're now going to
trade maximum leverage? What was it? I guarantee you, it's something you're trying to get as a
result that is external to trading and external to the market you're trying to trade. You're trying
to cope and compensate for something. Someone made you mad. Someone hurt your feelings. you're in a
relationship that maybe you're arguing with them and you feel like, you know what, I gotta be I
gotta make myself a lot of money today because that way I know I don't have to be codependent with
them. That sometimes ladies, you you're not on the straight and narrow entirely. The thing I see in
the women traders is that they will quietly overlever their account when they're in relationships
that they're in codependency with. That means the man makes the money and they're home and they're
housewives. They take care of the children or they homeschool the children. The characteristics and
traits and trends that I've seen in my students are the ones that the females are like that if
they're in an abusive relationship. They will overlever sometimes and they use this for the ones.
And I'm thankful and I'm never saying your name. So please if you know who that I'm I'm talking
about you, you're not the only one. I've I've a dozen of the women in my my community that have been
honest with me and told me these things. And I hope you and appreciate me sharing this in a context
that it doesn't it doesn't out them. But I want you to understand that women will overlever when
they're in those conditions. And why it's not for greed's sake. They're not trying to take it to
social media. They're doing the opposite. They're hiding it from their spouse because they don't
want them to know that they're building up enough money to leave that toxic relationship because
they don't have the resources to do it right now. So, they're quietly doing it. And then when they
get abused physically or verbally, they end up taking larger trades because they want to reassure
themselves that I am in a position that I can replace him. He's toxic. He's not good for my
children. He's not good for me. We can't resolve this. But I can't leave. I can't escape this right
now. I have no family members, no friends that I can lean on. So, I'm by myself. So, I'm going to do
something that I know I shouldn't do, but I'm at my wit's end. So, I'm going to overlever. You need
to recognize that because that is not an invitation for a faster exit. That's you doing something
incorrectly and that's not making you a good trader. If you get rewarded with a big win, you're
going to feel more inclined to do it again. The next time he hits you, the next time he talks down
to you, the next time he abuses the kids, the next time you feel like you should be out of that
relationship and you can't stand it anymore, you just want to jump out of your own skin. Those are
those triggering moments. Those are the triggering moments. And you have to recognize that in
yourself. So that way when you start feeling that impulsive nature start rising up in you and you're
trading with real money, turn the charts off. Go do something else. Go exercise. Go run. Go read a
book. Go hang out with friends. Go meet some. Hey, you got time to meet me for lunch? Take yourself
away from the marketplace. I'm telling you, this is the real reality of how you're going to have to
deal with this stuff. It's not just going in every day finding a setup and making money. That's not
how this is at all. There's so many things that you're going to have to wrestle with and you don't
even realize what they are and 99% of them are in your head or in your personal life. There is
they're either physical things that you're coping with in a relationship or a lack of a relationship
and you're lonely and you have somebody that you're interested in. Then you want to get her
attention. You want to drive up in a nice car and you're thinking, "All I got to do is split my
account this many times, have 20 accounts linked together, and I can get $100,000 in the next couple
months if I just do this. Build my account up. Then I can go and get a a Lamborghini leased. I only
got to pay $3,700 a month. I can make that. It's easy." And you're going to do stupid stuff to try
to win the attention of some person you don't even know. You don't know what they're going to do
when they find out that you drive that Lamborghini. you're doing all the wrong things. And I did all
the wrong things as a 20-year-old. And I'm telling you, as a 50-year-old, I can tell you that I wish
I could go back in time and talk to myself. I did a I did a series in this YouTube channel.
Literally, if I could go back and tell myself these things and everything I'm talking about in
there, look at every influencer today. It flies in the face of everything they do because it's all
about engagements, getting you worked up into a frenzy about trading, pushing buttons, and making
money. And nobody's talking about the realities of what you're going to feel while trying to learn
how to do that. And what happens when you get into a winning trade? None of you have any coping
skills for that. You think you've ever felt excited and and and like short of breath because you're
losing money when you have a really big fast running winner. It's worse. It's worse than losing
money. Your very first winning trade that's large and that you didn't have a limit order to it out
at and it's just running for you. It's it's impossible for me to outline and explain what it feels
like. It is a terrible feeling. because you don't know what to do if you get out. What if it kept
running? What if I stay in it goes and reverses as fast as it ran in my favor and it becomes hugely
lost? You have no idea what you're going to feel. Which is why I teach you have partials, have limit
orders, because it prepares you for that inevitable moment when you have your first runner that you
didn't have a limit order on. It keeps you from ever having that fearful moment. Everything I teach
is sound logic. It's rooted on real world experience. How I hurt myself, how I built myself back
from it, how I learned from mistakes that you don't need to make for yourself. You don't need to do
these things, Caleb. You don't need to go through all these painful lessons. You don't need that.
You can do it far faster than I did. you can be so much better than me because I have scar tissue
that every single time I get into a trade, I have dozens of other instances where I remember I
remember taking a trade in iron, not iron, copper, and I was like, I ought to get in here and uh do
something different because I felt like this the last time and I tell myself, what does the model
say? I'm supposed to be trading price action. I'm supposed to be trading the model, not I remember
the last time I hurt myself 25 years ago. I've done it a lot when I was younger and those scar
tissue. It's like a bad relationship. You punish the people that you're in relationship with now for
the things that they did to you, but they didn't do anything to you, but you're punishing that
person. You're punishing them for the things in the scar tissue that you've carried into a previous
relationship. That's the same thing that trading is going to do because you don't even see it. You
don't even think about it. You don't even think about those things because these 20-year-old
chairmans of multi-level marketing don't know how to trade, can't make any money. They're out there
trying to tell you how to be an enterprise by doing market level marketing, not trading, getting
people to be a sucker to buy in behind you. I don't do those things. I'm telling you in a manner
that is not sugarcoated at all and it's uncomfortable. These lectures are not comfortable. They
don't make you feel good, but they make you take personal inventory. And a lot of people are going
to sign. I don't know. I don't even want to look at it. I'll look at it when I'm done. I'll look at
the analytics and see what the uh the watch numbers are on it. But I already I told you last week I
expect them to be low. But then change the fact that I'm telling my son these things this week. He
needs to know these things. So that way it calibrates his mindset and says, "You know what? I don't
need to impress dad by doing this this this. I am going to follow a model. And by default, dad will
be pleased that I'm only doing what is is expected of me. I'm not trying to present more evidence
that I have learned more than I should have right now because dad's not expecting me to have that.
And it's liberating. Contrast that with go get out there and start trading. Start with a real
account, couple hundred bucks. You'll learn how to trade when you do that. That's an idiot's
mentality. I promise you, that's the same person that's take, they're afraid to take trades. Every
single trade they take, they're fearful of it. They're fearful of taking the trades like that. And
they can lie all they want. We come out here and let's see it. They won't do it. Oh, you're a
demoer. They'll just cop out doing it that way. But I'm telling you the real stuff. This is the real
things that matter most because this is the stuff that's going to allow you to be successful or it's
going to make you tap out. You're going to do something that causes you to blow out and you won't
want to do whatever it takes you to refund an account or take a week or two off and then go back in
do another funded account challenge if that's what you want to do. I'm not saying that's what you
should do, but you have to give yourself flexibility and time and how much time is it going to take
for you. I don't know how much baggage you have. How much baggage have you brought into this? How
much are you hiding to your friends and your family? They may never know the depths of the anxiety
and depression you're wrestling with because you got real good at hiding it. But you won't be able
to hide it in trading. I promise you. It is like a scrying mirror. Okay, a scrying mirror is a bowl
that's painted black and people used to stare into it and meditate and sometimes they would see
visions about what it is they feel they should be doing or whatever. But it is a scrying mirror. It
will show you the ugliest parts of you and you will not be able to mask it. You will not be able to
hide it. It will manifest itself in stunning fashion. You're impulsive, greedy. Well, guess what?
You're going to blow your account in stunning fashion, in such amazing speed. It's going to happen
so fast your head's going to spin and you're going to act like you're surprised. Wow, how did this
happen so quick? And I'm telling you why. I'm telling you why. the things that you hold inside that
are repeating toxic things that make you less of a success than you would be if you overcome them.
But you can't overcome them until you recognize them, right? And everybody wants to stay comfortably
hiding. They don't want the friends and family. They don't want the social media people to know
that, hey, um maybe I'm not entirely perfect when we walk around pretending that we are. Social
media is a a wonderful opportunity for everybody to pretend there's nothing wrong with them. They do
everything right. I don't hide that. That's why I'm very polarizing. People say, "Wow, you're you're
bipolar." You know, you start ranting and cussing. I'm a Christian. You say you're a Christian and
you talk in that language. Let me tell you something. Let me spend one week with you and I'll show
you how you're a Christian, too. Right? You're never walking on water. Okay? Everybody makes
mistakes and I repent for everything I do. I don't claim to be perfect, but I'm not going to get out
here and pretend that I don't have these real experiences that I had to go through and the coping
mechanisms that I had to go through to to fix them. But I had to identify that I had them. And I hid
them for a long time because I built myself up in front of my family, in front of my friends, and
they all said that this was never going to manifest itself and be successful. I would never know how
to be able to beat the markets. They said it's never going to happen. Nobody can beat the market.
Nobody can. Nobody knows how to time the market. That was constantly said on CNBC and FN back then
before it was CNBC. Nobody can time the market. And they still try to say nobody can time the
market. Well, you know better than that now. But you can't time the market until you learn how to do
it. And you won't learn how to do it properly until you remove these big barriers. They're like
rocks in your shoe. And you might think that, oh, it's not a big deal. You know, I'm I'm going to
keep doing this. But if you try to run before you get that rock out, you're not going to run as long
and without pain and you won't fatigue as soon as you would if you had a rock in your shoe. Think
about it. If you had a if you had a rock in your shoe and you're expected to run 10 miles or even
walk it. As a younger man, I used to be frustrated. I would get a rock in my shoe and I like I ain't
stopping untying my shoe, taking my shoe off to get this rock out and then have to put the shoe back
on. I have to tie the whole time. That's that's aggravating. That's a man. I'm not going to pull
over and ask for directions. I'm going to figure it out and waste the gas tank. That's what men do.
What does the woman want to do? Well, let's pull over and ask this person. No, I ain't doing that.
What are you doing? They're going to think I'm stupid if I ask for directions. She's not thinking
that they're going to think that she's stupid. She's thinking I need to get somewhere. I have a
process. I'm getting somewhere with the with the most efficient direction and pathway. There it is.
I don't want to be in this car with you. That's what she's thinking. But the husband's like, I don't
want to look stupid to that other man. And that's what trading is. You don't want to make mistakes
because you think everybody's sitting in your trading room with you seeing everything you're doing
while you're in every fluctuation of that trade and you're making your trade harder because you
think that way. Think about it. It's funny, but it's also uncomfortable, isn't it? You might You
were laughing at first, but you start thinking, "Shit, you just nailed me. He literally just nailed
me to a wall." That's me. He's talking about me right now. I'm talking about me. You just ripped you
you just resonate with it because you're like, I'm doing that same stuff. I did all that stuff, too.
I did all that stuff, too. But there's a way to get past all that. But you got to make changes and
you have to identify what they are and you have to take advantage of this time in your development.
This stage in your development. This is the most critical time. This is the foundation everything is
going to be built upon. If you rush it, you will only go so far. You might be able to make some
money, but you're not retiring. You're not living on your trading. I guarantee you that that's not
going to happen. Nobody lives on their trading and makes a huge enterprise out of their success in
trading. when they have not overcome these demons. You need to recognize what they are. Some of you
are going to have all of the box checked. Anxious, fearful, impatient, um just everything. Greed,
you'll have every box checked. But there's a coping mechanism I'm going to teach you this week that
overcomes all of them. And I'm not talking about going into the Bible, but that's that's the best
one really. But that's all I'm going to say on that. I had I had to slide that in there. Okay. But
there are physical things that you can do. Anxiety attacks. I'm going to teach you how to overcome
an anxiety attack, how to prevent one. I'm going to teach you how to fix heart palpitations when you
start having, you know, rapid heartbeats when you're when you're trading. I'm going to tell you how
fix all that stuff. But when you start feeling those physical symptoms, if you're any bit of a
hypochondric, it'll scare you and then it revs up into full panic. In full panic, you're not in
control of yourself. So, you never want to be in full panic when you're in a trade because you won't
know when to pull the plug. You won't know when to get out of the trade. You won't see it. You
Everything is moving so fast. your your your brain's processing f so fast because you're in fight or
flight and you will have a clouded me mind because everything is standing still. You're not doing
anything but your brain saying we're going 100 miles an hour and we have something to do. What is it
we want me to do? I'm ready. I have the adrenaline. I'm ready. We got to run. I'm ready. If we have
to fight, I'm ready. But you're standing still. And if you're standing still, you're going to feel
the physical effects of adrenaline being in your body, which is going to increase your heart rate,
and you're not doing anything to burn the adrenaline off. And then you start feeling cortisol. And
cortisol is your stress hormone. And you will literally start feeling things that are uncomfortable
if you've never felt them before. Tingling in in spots on your face. When I would have it, it would
be in my left eyebrow. my left eyebrow would start tingling and it would drift underneath my left
eye and go into where my left nostril was. And I'm thinking I'm having a stroke. I'm stroking out.
And then I started thinking that and thinking, I am stroking out. Let me check my pulse. Well, now
you're doing the wrong thing. Look for other symptoms, Michael. Of course, my heart rate's over 150
beats a minute. I'm attacking like crazy. And what does that do? Speeds it up even more. And then 10
minutes later, paramedics are at my house telling me, "Bear down or I'm going to have to give you
something to stop you because your heart rate's 220 beats a minute. Do you want to go through these
experiences or do you want to listen to me?" Because given the enough opportunity, some of you will
go through that or worse, if you're not healthy. If I was not healthy going through all that stuff,
I probably would have had a heart attack. I probably would have had a real stroke. Even if you're
healthy, if you keep putting yourself in that condition, you wear your arteries down. And that
stress hormone, cortisol, the way your body fights that is it lays down cholesterol in your
arteries. What is that going to do? It's going to further increase the likelihood that you're going
to eventually pop. So, it's important for you to make this boring. You do not want it. I'm on a
boat. tea paying in the background. You know, it ain't about all that, okay? It's about I am
following a boring model and that boring model can make as much as I want it to and I don't have to
elevate the excitement or fear. Let the money management do the heavy lifting, but you're just doing
the same boring things that are not hidden from you on the chart. Be forgiving. Give yourself
permission to be infallible. No, I said that wrong. Fallable. You don't want to be walking around
like you're infallible. And that's what men try to do. They try to walk around like they're man of
steel, Superman. Women, they all they always ask me the right questions. I've never had a female
student ever ask me a question that sound like a man's perspective. It's never happened. It has
never ever happened. Men always are looking for ways that keep their ego from being bruised. Women
are looking for a way to focus on what matters most for the model to be equipped in their hands
appropriately, not faster, so they don't do it wrong. Men, how can I run my account up and how can I
uh pyramid? That's a man's question. How can I go out and win the Super Bowl? I've never worn pads
before and I've never had a football in my hand. Good luck with that. Good luck with that. It's
funny when you really sit back as I've had a very unique perspective as an educator having so many
people come through the fold. It's astonishing to see the same things repeating based on the female
perspective and the male perspective. And I have lesbian students, I have gay students, and it's
still the same thing. men that are living gay lives, they don't think like women. They still have
the same thought processes of the man. It's they want to do more. The women, even though they may
live a gay lifestyle, they're still thinking like a woman. And to me, that's astonishing as well
because you can't escape who you are. And that's the problem with trading. If you come in with toxic
thinking, if you come in with flawed logic or high expectations that are unrealistic for you to
meet, no wonder you're going to want to quit so soon. You've made it harder for yourself. You don't
need any extra help. It's going to be a very daunting task because you have to overcome yourself
first. And everybody that's in a 90% bracket that quits and loses money and never does it anymore,
it's because they lost to themselves. Look at how many times they traded. You don't know. That
doesn't fit me. ICT, I've been doing this for 12 years. I've never been profitable. You don't know
me, man. How many times have you really traded? You probably took three or four trades and blew the
account. That's not enough experience. You just did things impulsively and you wrecked yourself and
you had to wait and talk yourself into getting more money or whatever. Sell some stuff in the
garage. Now, with funded accounts, now all you got to do is, you know, wait a little while and the
wife won't know about it and then pay for it. Get yourself a prepaid credit card off the bank or
whatever in the aisle at food line and I'll just pay with that. She won't know. That's a problem.
That is a problem. So, you know enough that you know that you're not going to follow the rules and
you're going to hide it from her. If you're married, if you're in a serious relationship, you need
to explain to them that you're pursuing this and you're not expecting to make any money soon, but
this has now become a a major focus for you. Like like a college pursuit. That way, you're not
feeding them [ __ ] in the beginning like, "Oh, we're going to be able to quit our jobs and build
up." Don't Don't tell your spouse that. Don't tell your spouse that because you now elevated it to a
level of expectation that they're going to hold you to. And why wouldn't they? You took it upon
yourself to tell them that stuff. They love you and they trust you. So, why would you think that
they're not going to expect that you're going to live up to that? And when you don't, in your eyes,
you're gonna f you're going to manifest all the stress indicators. You're gonna be grumpy. You're
not going to be paying attention when the conversation's taking place. And when you start seeing
these things in your personal life, you need to take inventory of that. Recognize them. Don't try to
hide from it because all of that's going to do what? It's going to manifest itself in these
candlesticks. Just like a scrying mirror, you're going to see things that's going to show you your
ugly side. And what are you going to do? You're going to feel uncomfortable. And as a man, you're
going to do what? You're going to plow ahead. You're going to draw your sword, throw your shield
down. You're going to draw your sword and run head on to meet that thing. And you're ill equipped,
and it's going to take your head off. The women in that same circumstance, they're going to sit
still and do nothing, and they'll be paralyzed, and they won't take a trade. That's the dynamic with
man and female. That's how they think as a trader. That's how they engage price in this stage.
That's what they do. I have the data to support that. I have a million plus students and I've had
several decades of teaching and I have said to the same talking points I'm giving you here. I've had
more people say, "I can't do that. I don't want to I don't want to think about the things I'm doing
wrong. So, I just try to power through it as a man. Or a woman will say, "I'm just not going to take
the initiative to make that change." So, they either sit still and do nothing or the man does too
much. And that's the repeating phenomenon that comes for the people that are spinning the wheels
that never find their way in this stuff. I promise you it's not just because it's my content. They
would have those same things in any other uh discipline of trading. It's because it's it's it's in
them. That's the that's the problem. When I was losing money and blowing accounts as a 20-year-old,
none of it had anything to do with the trading because the moves I was blowing my account on, they
weren't even that big of a move. There was just small little retracements that I was overleveraged
on and I would try to make big positions with very very very small stop- losses and those cuts would
just be boom boom boom and then the account's gone. And I was right that the market was going to go
up to those levels I was aiming for. But I was not allowing myself to trade with just one contract
and use a reasonable stop-loss and just let it happen. I was trying to maximize as much as I could
because I wanted to leave working. I wanted to be able to turn to my family and friends and say,
"You were wrong about me." So, what was I trading for? Everything outside of being successful. I was
trading to impress people that really looking back now, they had no impact on me. Whether whether I
did it or didn't, they didn't have any power over me, but I was giving them power by what I was
doing. And you don't see it that way when you're going through it. and all these other things. It
may not be that for you. It may be something else. There's so many things. I don't want to list
everything because I've already longer than I was supposed to again. But this is such a rich topic
that I was going to write a a fourth book and let it be about these types of things, but I I just
don't feel comfortable writing it. I think sharing my stories, letting you hear me, hear me tell you
what I went through, it means more. And it's also therapeut therapeutic for me because it allows me
to detox myself because there are some times when I think about how I could have done things better
for myself if I would have done things to fix my personal issues, address certain things in
insecurities. When I had my first wife, you know, I was telling her when we were together, I said,
"I'm going to be rich. I'm going to be a traitor and I'm going to live a different lifestyle and
your parents just don't understand." And she nodded and gave me a kiss and yep, you know, we'll see.
But that's not saying I believe you. That was like dismissing it. And I still feel that today. And
I've not been with that woman for decades. We're talking about when I was 19 years old. I would feel
pain that's rooted. Not not that one because I didn't start trading till 20, but I have things that
I can go back to. And you have it too. And you have to journal that. You have to put that in your
journal and say, "These are my scars. This is what makes me feel insecure." And when my wife left me
for a 40-year-old man, that was embarrassing for me. And it scarred me. And it made me take crazy
risks because he drove my dream car, a Corvette, and bought it with a with a winning lottery ticket
that she paid for and he spent it and bought a vet. And I had to wrestle with, do I really like vets
anymore? Because he did that. I love vets. [ __ ] him. He He can do whatever he wants to do. But I
own two of them now. And when I drive them, I don't think about them. I think about my car. This is
my dream car. Everybody else can have their dream car. When I was a little boy, the Corvette was my
dream car, and I could afford anything else out there, but I like that car. It's It's always been my
thing. You have something that is deeply rooted inside you that causes you pain. Mine was
embarrassment and shame that my first wife, who I never wanted to be with anybody else with, and she
was the one I lost my virginity to, I could tell you the date, okay? I can tell you the time that it
happened. Ask any other man, they probably can't tell you that. But that's what it meant for me. It
was it was important for me and I didn't want to be with anybody else. So when she left me, I was
scarred, cut deeply. And the whole neighborhood knew about it. They knew about before I did. So I
was shamed. I was embarrassed. And but it was something I didn't I didn't cause it. But she didn't
live with me in a marriage that she thought that we were going to bloom into anything. Looking back
now, I think she made the wrong decision. But it's okay. I wasn't meant to be with her. But I still
carry all of that scar tissue. But that same scar tissue doesn't make me get into a trade. When it
was doing it back then, when I was 20, I was racing to make money to impress her, to win her back.
And I wasn't supposed to be with her. I'm supposed to be with my wife I'm with now with the children
and the family I have now. But I have that same scar tissue that does have no influence on me now.
But when you go through your personal life and you write down the things that make you feel
invincible, are you lying to yourself? Are they really things that make you feel strong or are you
masking something, compensating for something else? because that's the thing that's going to hurt
you. The thing that you're guarding and hiding from yourself and everyone else, that is the very
thing that's going to motivate you when you are weak. And you're going to get weak. You're going to
feel impatient. You're going to feel like you're missing out on something. You're going to just need
to feel like you matter or that you're successful or you can do this. And at that moment, you're
going to tap into I'm going to do this because I have to prove to myself that that can't hurt me.
And you're going to take larger risk. You're going to trade more frequently. And you're going to
trade when there isn't a setup there because you want to replace that feeling of what you feel all
the time, but you pretend it's not there. It wells up inside you. You're shamed. You're embarrassed.
Someone hurt you. Someone physically hurt you. Someone took something from you. you couldn't arrive
at a a level in your relationship and you lost them or you left somebody and then you know that you
left them by mistake and now they're with somebody else and you can't win them back. How
heartbreaking is that? And I have students that say that they would do anything to impress them to
get them away from the person they're with now. That's not likely to happen. but they carry that
stuff in them and then they go into the trades and they say, "I need to feel better because I can't
escape that." You got to let let go of it. A lot of the stuff that you're holding on to, you're
going to have to put it down. You're choosing to hold on to it. You're choosing to protect it and
nurture it because it's become your nor your new normal. And how would you feel if you weren't
feeling like this every day? It's scary. It's uncertain to you. So, it's easier for you to hold on
to this and you live with the depression and you live with the anxiety and you live with the guilt
and you live with the anger and fear. And all of that's going to manifest itself in these little
candlesticks. They're going to be perfect little excuses for you to vent into. And when they don't
do what you want them to do, it's worse. It will cut you deeper. It'll make you fear taking anything
further steps forward. They'll say, "Ah, this doesn't work." And but you're lying to yourself.
You're not even using it right. It's just like the next bottle of booze that an alcoholic reaches
for. I usually drink Johnny Walker. I get drunk every Friday night. I can't stand it. But they've
been having Johnny Walker, so I just started drinking uh whatever. I don't know what I know Johnny
Walker. I don't know what that is. I know it's an alcohol, but I don't know enough to know what
another alcohol drink is. It's a little It's a little embarrassing even though I shouldn't be
embarrassed by it, but the king of analogies just fell flat on his face. I just don't have another
alcohol like the Budweiser. It doesn't probably mean it's probably not the same thing because I
think Johnny Walker's a liquor in it, but uh maybe vodka. I know there's another thing, but uh
you're going to pick your vice, okay? and and you're going to do whatever you can to do it because
you're trying to escape pain and you're self-medicating. And a lot of us self-medicate by tamping
down pain. That means swallowing it and pushing it down deeper. But you can't keep doing that when
you're a trader because it's going to materialize and manifest itself in your trades. And then
because you're having to deal with it again and it's taking from you hope about success, it's taking
money from you that you can't really afford to lose. And now you've made this little tiny gremlin,
this little rock in your shoe, a mountain in front of you with a troll that's standing on top saying
you're never going to get up this high. You've given it a power that it's never had before. It's got
more influence and power to keep you from being happy, successful, and well, better. You've given it
a a power over you and you're going to feel that and you're going to personify the trade when it's
just doing what it's going to do regardless of whether you're in a trade or not. But now you've
person personalized it and personified it and now you're wrestling with this thing and you can't
talk about it with anybody because how embarrassing would that be. So in the privacy of your own
journal, not with someone on social media, not in an email to me. Some of you probably already
sitting down writing emails. This this right here, you just nailed me and I I'm so thankful. Don't
don't even worry about doing that. Don't don't just find out what it is for you. What are these
little things that you're hiding in yourself that are scary? They're hurtful. They hold a lot of
animosity and they are always things that you would never want anybody to know about. That's what
I'm talking about. The things that you are ashamed of, the things that you are fearful that other
people might find out about you. You're a man. I wouldn't want anybody to think that I have uh
regrets about how I handled myself as a young man, but I've I've openly shared that in my YouTube
channel. I don't hide it. I had relationships with married women, and I am not proud of that. I
mean, nobody's nobody's perfect. I'm not making excuses for it, but these are things that I have to
live with. I have to live with these decisions. And when I was younger, they they were barriers for
me. They caused me to do things impulsively because I didn't like my own skin. I wasn't comfortable
in my own skin. I didn't reconcile the problems I created for myself. I just put a band-aid and hide
them. Just pushed it down, tamped them down deep. Long as I don't talk about it, bring it up, nobody
knows about it. And it's just in my head. And I'll wrestle with them as I wrestle with them. not
realizing that that stuff would manifest in my personal relationships with my friends. When I had to
have a job, it would manifest in my performance at work. I was unmanageable. I would basically cuss
everybody out and tell them, "Look, you screw you." And I had lots of jobs. I knew I would
eventually get fired if I stayed there. So, I would quit because I didn't want to have them have
that victory that they took me out of my job. So, I would cuss them out, threaten them. I'll beat
your ass. And there it is. and I would, you know, lose interest in being there because I knew now
I've done showed my ass. So, I have to leave. But that was a result of me not addressing the deep
rooted things in my body, in my mind that I had to reconcile with. And everybody has it. Everybody
has a skeleton in their closet. Everybody has things like this. Some of them are more significant
than others, but doesn't diminish even the ones the least of significance that anybody else might
would look at and think, "Well, that's not that big of a deal." But to them that went through it and
had to live with and carry it around, it's huge. And they they think that no one would understand
enough. So therefore, I would never want to see a counselor. I would never want to talk about it. I
would never try to rectify it. I just have to bear it and carry it and keep it with me all the time,
but never make it known to anyone. But you let it, it sneaks out all the time in your moments of
weakness. It usually comes out in bursts of anger, small little things magnified into some
monumental explosion. And something that would have never never been an argument or a fight or an
altercation is now been thrown gas on top of it because it's really this thing you're guarding and
protecting or afraid now it's been manifesting. And you're not wrestling the person you're arguing
arguing with, your spouse, your family, your child, your boss, your co-workers. You're wrestling
with the guilt that you did not fix this sooner and you have to wrestle it back down deep so no one
can see it. And that's what's happening in your trades. That's what's going to keep happening in
your trades. And it will not stop until you fix the root cause. That means you have to identify what
they are. And most people don't want to. I guarantee you the viewership of this video has gone down
precipitously because it ain't timing the market. I'm not telling you where the market's going. I'm
telling you, you will not be able to find the right direction, let alone take a trade, if you're
wrestling with these things. Some of my best students are individuals that were in prison or had
substance abuse problems and they fixed it before they tried to become a traitor. I've had students
that are substance abusers that are trying to get clean and they're struggling because they have not
fixed themselves yet. you won't be successful at this until you fix that part of you. I don't want
to say anything more than that because I don't want to be negative, but that's the reality.
Individuals that have gone through in incarceration and they paid for their crimes, they know that
this world's different now. Like my father, he's getting ready to come out here. He's not going to
recognize any of this stuff. And if he was younger, what skill could he bring forward to to to be a
gainful employee? Nothing. The last thing he did productive was shoot at Vietnamese in the Vietnam
War. That that's that's in his mind. That's that that's it. So he has no work skills. He has
nothing. He's not used to the way the world is right now. and he's admitted to my mom that he's he's
scared. Now, imagine that. 40 years. Here's a contract murderer, Mr. Billy Badass. He's admitted to
my mother he's terrified coming out. So, what is he going to have when he stepped out into the
world? This same thing. And if he's not careful, he will let that thing manifest itself and he could
very easily make a mistake and violate and have to go right back in again. How's it any different?
We're talking about the same thing. I'm teaching you how to live. How to live. It's not about just
making money. You have to wrestle this stuff, keep it in subjection, and then only then you have all
of the advantages of doing everything that's in front of you. But if you think you're just going to
walk out here and carry all that stuff and you're not going to have any adversities and it's going
to be easy for you or if you're wondering why it's so hard, it's the internal stuff that you're
wrestling with. And it's always that this stuff isn't complicated. The people that say, "Oh, it's
just too this is too hard. Trading's too hard." You're just giving up because you don't want to you
don't want to put down those demons. You're nurturing them. these things that you're hiding in
yourself that are problems that you know if I was if I was a counselor and you felt comfortable
talking to me, these are the things that you're wrestling with and you would say these this is what
I'm going through. It's those things that are going to be the problems that cause you to think this
is too hard. It's too hard for you to keep wrestling when them demons are given opportunity to
manifest themselves. See, when you're just tamping them down and drinking and doing the things that
you do, smoking reefer, dumbing yourself down, calming yourself down, medicating yourself, you're
hiding from those things. And weed heads generally don't do very well in trading either. And but
they'll be the same ones that will champion their wins and go online, yeah, yeah, yeah, look at
this. Show me everything. You're blocked. And that's just that's the reality of all this stuff. And
you can make this easier for yourself or you can make it harder. And it doesn't make sense for you
to make it harder. There's so many things I want to talk about still, but I have plenty of time the
rest of the week. I've had a lot to say today. I I believe wholeheartedly the things I've talked
about. I think if you take a moment to think about what that means for you really dial in on the
things that you know what you try to hide that are terrible things that you don't like about
yourself. And I'm not talking about your weight or how you look in the mirror. That's not what I'm
talking about, okay? I'm talking about the things that cause you to behave and think the way you
think. something scarred you, something made you angry or something scared you so bad that that you
have not reconciled that or it's a physical dependency on alcohol or drugs. That's it. Because if
you have the mental faculties, it doesn't matter if you're in a wheelchair, you could be an amazing
trader, better than me. You being in a wheelchair or handicapped has absolutely no bearing on how
you can trade because it's your mind. You could literally be a quadripolgic and tell the person next
to you, "All right, press the buy button. Put the stop loss." So, and there it is. Who's doing the
trade? You are. You don't need your body to do it. You need your mind. Because trading is won in the
battlefield of your mind. Your trade's a winning trade before it's realized in that chart and your
take-profit is hit. before that happens, it's already a winning trade in your mind. Because if you
can't see it, believe it, it's going to deliver like that, it's never going to go there. So, how do
you have a clear mind to get to that point? You have to get rid of all your baggage. Got to get rid
of all that toxic stuff, toxic thinking, all the online drama stuff, all the Are you someone that
constantly goes to drama stuff on the internet? Not just in the trading industry, but everywhere.
Are you a Jerry Springer trader? You just can't wait to get in somebody else's business to see what
they're doing wrong because chances are you love that because you are hiding so much more in
yourself. That just hurt somebody's feelings right there, too. Drama marketing, drama this, drama
that. People flock to that stuff because it's a perfect excuse to hide the very things that they
don't like about themselves because they're they're thinking, "Well, I hate living with this every
day, but you know what? This is a beautiful distraction that I'm not the only one out there that's a
train wreck and I have a chance to laugh at that person like everybody else and I'm guarded. I'm
protected. They don't know the things I'm wrestling with because look what they would do if they
knew this about me." And that's exactly what you're going to experience in trading. That stuff is
going to well up. It's going to boil up over top and spill over into your trades until you reconcile
them. You have to fix what they are. I have toident I have to identify them first, right? And that's
scary. It's uncomfortable. But nobody needs to know what they are. You have power over this stuff.
You have power over it. And you place it in your journal. You identify it. I feel insecure because
this happened to me. Okay, release it. It doesn't define who you are. Don't give it any more power.
Acknowledge it. Say, "Yeah, it's it's real for you to feel hurt when things happen to you. You're
you're a human being with emotions. It's normal for you to feel that way." But social media has made
it feel like we shouldn't have any emotions. We shouldn't care about nothing. Say things to people
that they would never hear you say to their face, divisiveness. You have to just let all that stuff
go. And if you invite other people into this experiment of you going through the process of learning
how to do trade in the early stages, you have made it so much harder. You have now increased the
level of difficulty to expert level. and you're not an expert. You're a neophite. You're just
starting. And that's why Caleb will not have comments open on this YouTube channel because what's
going to happen is he's going to read them. And in a moment of weakness, he's going to say, "Yeah,
this person said this and this, this, and then I'm going to hear it. I'm going to see it. And then
I'm going to have to tell him I'm angry that that this did that." and I'm gonna go out online and
I'm gonna say this, that, and the other thing, and they're gonna clam up and they're going to do
nothing, but I'm gonna react to that because I'm like whack-a-ole. I like smacking trolls around. I
love that. It's a sport for me. So, to keep him from getting that recreational sport in his own
thinking, he's not allowed to have the comments. He's not allowed to have interactions with any of
you because he's learning. But I've already told him, man, I said the other day when we were driving
around, went to the gun range, I said, "Once you get to the point where you don't need that to tell
you anything, you know your model, you know what you can do, and you're carving out your own money
and it's significant amount of money, if you want to go out there and act like a fool and and spar
with these people online because they're idiots, I'm not going to be in your way about it. I'm not.
But I just think it's dumb to do it because as the world's changing, people that have a following
like myself and other people, okay? I might say something about someone's discipline and make fun of
it. Okay? In reality, sometimes I backpedal and I think to myself, you know what the state of the
world is right now in the way it's so com we're in a combustible state globally. All it takes is the
right little spark and everybody can easily blow up. And that's what social media has cultivated.
That's exactly why it was instigated. It was started for that very reason. And now it's festering on
everybody like they can't wait to get online. Think about how many times you're looking at your
phone Your face is in the phone like a zombie all the time. You have a 4-inch universe that you're
spending more time in than you are in the real world looking for everybody else to give you a
dopamine hit, like your post, or you get to like somebody else's post, hoping that they like that
you liked it. Again, you're doing all the wrong things and you're trying to apply that same logic to
trading. You want an emotional response. You want a dopamine hit. You want an immediate tick- tock
experience where you did something in the market, you entered the trade, so now you want to see a
100 handle run just like that. And when it doesn't happen or it's slowly moving, you're
uncomfortable. I'm trying to prevent that kind of stuff with Caleb. I don't I don't want him doing
the toxic things I've done. I'm trying to be the best guide but still be his dad. And I have to
admit it's very challenging because in the past and I had a little bit of it last Thursday. I had a
blast but I had to get that out of me. But I'm trying very hard to be balanced because he knows what
I'm capable of. He also has seen me in the real world when I had to do things when people were
making threats to me or our family. Like I I am not afraid of things like that. If something's in
front of me, I'm going to run it over. I'm going to be a bulldozer and run it over. I don't cower
from nothing. I don't hide from nothing. I'm in your face immediately. I want to neutralize whatever
is the problem. I'm neutralizing it. It's not going to hang around. It's not going to fester. That
Let's go. you want to go, let's go. That's not his mentality. And I told him, I said, "When you
start making money, I do not want the biggest thing. If you want to impress dad and you want to live
up to my hopes for you, I told him, I said, I want you to have more control over yourself than I
have. I want you to be able to say nothing that anything on the in the internet has ever bothered
you because the way you live your life once you get acclimated to this and you're successful when
you get to that point the thoughts and opinions of others should never be a reason to punish
yourself. Because when you entertain other people's opinion about you or me or whatever it is that
you're learning how to do, when you're making money, what does it matter? Does it really matter what
people think when you are living on your own money that you earn using this information? Why would
you punish yourself for other people's opinions? Because that's what you're doing when you get mad
about that stuff. That's why I try to tell everybody, you think I'm mad. I'm not mad. I'm not I'm
not a mad person. Now, I'm mad when people say they tried to do this stuff and they haven't really
put a real good effort into it. That's fake. That's false. That's it's that's a lie. And I'm forcing
my son in this test tube where he has absolutely no latitude to be able to say, "Well, I couldn't do
it because no, that we don't we don't have any room for that. you are in the pressure cooker with me
and you're in front of the entire world and they're watching this. You asked for it and now you got
it, but you're going to do it the way it needs to be done. And you have to make sure that you don't
fall victim into finding dopamine, sense of accomplishment by having other people tell you, "Wow,
you are a good trader." You know what tells you you're a good trader? you don't have to go to work.
That's better than anybody telling you a message. They could have all the emojis in the world. That
ain't the same thing as getting up and saying, "Well, I ain't got to go in traffic today." And make
in one trade what you would earn in gross income over three, four, six months of your job. That's
how you feel success as a trader. Not I need somebody outside of myself to tell me I'm a good
trader. Oh, you're ICT junior. Oh, you're going to be the next best thing. And you know, don't think
that way, son. Don't even have expectations to have that. I am impressed. I am pleased. And I am
proud of you, son. If you just do what's laid in front of you and you find contentment in that, that
you don't have to do more than that. The world is your oyster. You'll be able to do whatever you
want to do once you figure out yourself. But just do what I'm laying down in front of you. If you
just do that, you have you've done far more than I ever hoped for. And you don't never have to
impress me. You have already done everything I've expected of you. Because then if I have to lay my
head down for the last time and I don't have any more time here, I can rest my head knowing that I
have left this with you and your brothers and your sister and your mother. They're okay. It doesn't
matter what happens. You can do it. That's how I think about this. I don't want you being another
ICT. ICTs run its course. I've already said that. I'm putting it down the end of this year. I'm
doing that my own way. I don't want people hanging on me. I don't want people thinking I'm a
celebrity. And honestly, I see all of the mentions that happen. Like if I go on the YouTube channel,
they'll say comments which I see all of them. The ignorant ones, I just banned a person. I don't
ever see them again. You don't realize that you're banned, but you are. Your comment when you look
at the video, you'll see your comment still there. I never see it. Anything past that, I'll never
see it again. I don't have time for you. You're insignificant to me. You're not even an ant. You're
not even that. But there's also this little thing, mentions. So, there's comments and there's
mentions. And once a week, I'll go through it and I'll hit it and I'll scroll through. I want to
comment on everybody. But when I do leave comments on individual channels, generally they treat me
like a celebrity and I don't like that. Otherwise, if I wasn't treated that way, I would be just
like one of the guys and I would comment like everybody else does. But you know what I'm talking
about. If I've left a comment, like immediately it gets pinned and then there's 1500 people comes
behind there. Oh, it's ICT. It's Michael. He left a comment. like I'm some [ __ ] Elvis or
something. Like I'm literally nobody. I'm nobody. And it makes me uncomfortable. And I don't want
you aspiring to do that, Caleb. I don't want you to have that aspiration to be that's your goal.
Your goal should be I don't need to work for money and money is a tool. I don't have to wrestle with
employers. I don't have to go and go through the rat race and have them steal any more time. You're
in your 20s. You're young. You literally could carve this out and by the time you're 30 be
ridiculously rich. Freaking ridiculously rich. Okay? And you can do whatever you want to do. If you
want to get on here and trade live in front of other people, go ahead. I would well I would I would
love that. I would love that Viagra all day long. That would absolutely I would love it. Do I want
you to do it? I'm not asking you to do that. So don't think that you have to live up to that. But if
you choose to do that, man, that would be amazing. That would be awesome. But that's not what I hope
for you. I hope for you to not have to work for your money. That's what I want. I want you to feel
comfortable knowing that you can pay your way through this world and not have to ask somebody if you
can have a day off or a vacation and they ain't paying you too little for your time. You do that,
you have met every expectation I have for you. My goal is for you to not have to work and yet you
live on your own steam, your own efforts, and you don't get reckless with it. You don't try to be a
high roller. Don't try to be a showoff. Don't brag. Don't talk down to people like I did when I was
20 years old. I was new money. And that was me coping with the uncomfortable state of I wanted to
flex on everybody because if they knew all the things I was wrestling with and the embarrassment and
shame I had cuz my wife left me for a 40-year-old man, that was embarrassing. That was shameful to
me. So, I hid it by being a jerk to other people. And the people that I loved and that were friends
of mine, I lavished them with money and gifts because I didn't want them to walk away from me. I
wanted them to make me feel wanted and liked and appreciated, but I had to pay for it to feel it. Is
that genuine? No. So, I I don't want you to fall in the trap because as soon as you start making big
money and people that know you see it, you need to be aware of who your real friends are because
your real friends won't change. They won't ask you for anything and they won't increase the
intensity about wanting to be around you. The ones that do that, that's the ones that's going to
stab you in the back. That's the ones that are going to try to take you uh for a ride or take
advantage of you. And I'll reserve the rest of the stuff tomorrow when we talk about price. I've
said enough. We've been here for a while and I'm probably have to delete a lot of uh members
comments they were complaining about today. That's okay. But this is the stuff that you're going to
wrestle with as a trader, okay? And the sooner you identify what they are and you journal them and
we work through coping skills this week on how to overcome all of them. If you're a viewer, you're
easedropping in this uh lecture I'm holding with my son. I don't and say I don't cover the thing
you're wrestling with. Say we get to Friday and then say sometime over the weekend, you feel like
you have a unique experience and you feel comfortable trusting me that you know in in anity in
anonymity rather where you don't have to reveal yourself. You can create a burner email address and
leave a comment to me like saying this is what I wrestle with. I won't know your name, but I would
love the opportunity to have something that I don't cover here. And if I have a way of mentioning
what I would do to deal with it, you I would love to have the opportunity to do that. I would never
say who said it. I would never, you know, pretend to be a counselor or a psychologist. I'm not
claiming to be that. I'm not out there to fix it. But the ones I'm going to cover this week, I think
are the most paramount ones. And a lot of them are going to be very similar to the ones I'm going to
talk to and speak on. But the main thing is is not to be fearful of identifying those problem
characteristics and traits within yourself because if you're insecure as a person, and mine was
insecurity, um it will manifest itself in your traits and then you'll beat yourself up. protecting
that demon of insecurity or hurt or fear or anxiety about something or you're in a problem
relationship, whatever that is, you're going to guard that thing and you're going to beat yourself
up. Oh, you're stupid. You don't know how to trade. You can't learn how to do this or this stuff
doesn't work. You're going to externalize all of the results instead of saying, "See, this is
further evidence that I'm manifesting all this toxic stuff I'm holding on to because I'm making
decisions based on periods when I lean on that stuff in a state of normaly." You punish yourself
every day. You don't realize it, but you are. And just think about how many times you think you
think or say toxic things all day. The average person says over 300 negative things per day. No way.
No way. Well, I can tell you what. I can do about 15 times that because I talk too much, right? But
the average person thinks and says over 300 negative things a day. It could be self-centered
attacking themselves or doubt. Perfect example. I was telling Caleb, I know we're supposed to end
the video, but I got it just jumped on my head. I was explaining this to my son. And I said,
"Listen, the channel will grow and it'll alleviate some of the pressure you're feeling while you're
learning, okay? It'll probably be around $10,000 a month when we get to Thanksgiving or just after
Thanksgiving." And he shook his head like, "No way. No way." And I'm like, "Are you nuts?" Like, I
already know as soon as I start putting videos up there, all of the members here that watch on this
channel, just morbid curiosity is going to take their attention over there. And even if they just
watch it for a few minutes, they're watching it. Okay? So, they'll see what it's all about. Whether
they stay or not, it's not important. But people will watch it because they most of the people want
to see how you're evolving in it. And then they're going to feel comfortable about their yourself
because they're going to see that you're going through the same things that they're going through
because they look at you as my child like my son should not have any adversities because he's ICT.
son, his dad is ICT. So therefore, it's unreasonable to expect him or any of his offspring to have
any hardship in learning how to do this because he's ICT's son. Like that's somehow an advantage.
We're all human beings. We all wrestle with stuff. We all wrestle with stuff. And they're going to
have the unique perspective because you said you were willing to do this, which I'm astonished by,
but you said you were willing to do it. And you're going to be very candid about what you're
feeling, what you're fearful of, what you're making a big deal out of that may or may not be valid.
And they're going to take a whole lot of solace in that because they are going to be able to see
that, wow, this is the same [ __ ] I'm thinking. I've been thinking the whole time, I'm I'm stupid
for feeling this way. And here's ICT, son. Even doing the same things, thinking and worrying about
the same things. But they will they'll see this is how I'm going to to coach and teach you how to go
through that and then they can apply that same logic to themselves. Whether or not it works for
them, I'm not promising that. But you're my son, so I'm giving you this is the solution I'm
supposing that you should use or if it's something I went through, this is how I overcame it. Or
this is what you should do to work around it till you get better at it. and then your success will
counter a lot of the things that you have as a problem. The problem is he's a male. And I've seen a
few times where as a young man and especially as a little boy given enough rope, he'll run wild.
Like he'll he'll he'll go wild. Out of all my kids, I'm impressed that he's the one that's wanting
to do this. I thought for sure it was going to be Cody. It's not. And I thought Cameron because he's
very competitive in sports, but it's not. And now he's he made he's the only one that said, "I want
a second chance at it, Dad." Because they found out that it's not easy. And it's easy to say, "You
know what? I'm just going to lay it down. I got dad, you know, he's always here. Whenever I want to,
he'll he'll he'll gladly want to teach me." And I've been frustrated because I've been wanting them.
just one of them. Just go through the ropes, find your model, and make money, and your brothers and
your sister will be like, "Oh, I want to do that now." It's like anything else. You give one kid an
ice cream or a toy, they're all going to get they're all going to want to listen. I'm I'm a good
girl, mommy. I'm a good girl, daddy. What do you want me to do? I clean my room. They're going to do
all the things you want a kid to do when one child is given a reward. So, you're going to see what
it's like for him. You're going to hear it. You're going to see his struggles. You're going to see
all that stuff. But I told him, I don't want him to uh get cocky. I don't want to see arrogance. I
told him, I said, "If I see you do that, I'm done." I told him, I said, "How you conduct yourself in
the real world when I'm not around you." Because right now, you only have a video on there and
already there's 20,000 people subscribed to your channel. When you start seeing more traffic and
there's more interest around you, people will want to befriend you. They're going to be like, "Oh,"
they're going to say everything to blow smoke up your ass to make you feel like that you're, you
know, you're something you're not. Don't allow that. Don't allow it. You just stay who you are.
You're humble, Caleb. That's it. You're not trying to be ICT 2.0, Mr. Ego, kid ego. You're not
trying to do all that stuff. If you never set that mark that high, nobody will expect you to live up
to it. And guess what that means? You're liberated from all that stuff. Everybody wants me to go out
there and do the impossible things. If you never ever do those things, they will never hold you in
that regard. And anything that you share publicly, as long as it's a person with common sense,
they'll they'll say, "Well, you know, that's that's an interesting experience that you you shared.
It may or not may not be an invitation for other people to mimic what you're doing and try to copy
it and say, "Well, that's the p that's the path I'm going to go." but they'll be morbidly curious to
see what it is. And the pressure that you're feeling from your job, that will reduce a little bit.
And then that deficit in stress and pressure you feel while you're working will give you more energy
and it'll stoke the fires for you to study more, which does what? It shifts all the concern and
pressure away from what everybody's used to doing, which is the nineto-ive rat race. And then it'll
you'll start feeding that secondary hustle which is learn how to trade. This is why I tell all of
you as my students once you learn your model, once you learn it, I don't have a problem with you
going out there and doing YouTube channels and running up, you know, a subscriber base where people
are watching you use it. I I I encourage that. Number one, it is it's further solidifies with more
testimonial and proof that I have profitable students using what I taught. It doesn't just work in
my hands. It works in the students that put the effort into it. But you also while you're growing,
because you're not going to be a millionaire overnight. Some of you may never become a millionaire.
You might just make a couple thousand here and there a couple times a year. And hey, it's better
than not having money at all, right? Let's be real. Not everybody's going to be rich from it. I
don't claim you're going to be rich from it. But you have the potential to make as much as you want.
But while you're learning how to get better at it and until you can arrive at I don't need to work
anymore. It would be foolish for you not if you have the disposition and personality to to live
stream. I don't believe I do. It may seem like I do, but I don't I don't believe I do. I I I like to
talk in pre-recorded sessions because I've already said certain things in this live stream that I
would have liked to edit out because I felt like I was being too personal or maybe mentioning things
that may upset people that are wrestling with certain things. I would have cut that stuff out like
substance abuse and stuff like that. Like I wish I could go back and take that part out. That's what
I'm I'm thinking in my head as I'm talking to you. I would I would have edited that part out. And
some of you be like, you know, I'm glad you said it. But there's a lot of people that were would
come forward and say, I wish you wouldn't have said that. Or they'll claim, stop trying to be a
psychologist. You're a crackpot anyway. Anyway, like you you're always going to have some kind
that's going to be argumentative. But I want uh I want Caleb to know that he doesn't have to live up
to high lofty expectations. And I'm helping him lay down a foundation of what is reasonable, what is
now in an an area where it's going to be problematic. and he has to conduct himself now as a public
figure because I've been in public and people have seen me in public and sometimes they get out of
their cars, they're walking around with their phone and they're filming me and taking pictures of me
and my wife and wow ICT, you know, can you and I'm like and it is ridiculous. It's absolutely
ridiculous. I hate it. I don't like it. I don't want to be like that and I don't want I certainly
don't want my son like that. And it's uncomfortable. You don't know what these people are going to
do. They may pretend like they're you're want to take a picture with you. Just get close enough to
hurt you or your family, you know, and I I don't want those problems. So, I told Caleb, "You're not
a celebrity. You're not trying to be a celebrity. And as soon as you start carrying yourself
arrogantly, I'm done. You'll know as much as you know, and it'll be it." And I that's that's what I
want for him. And if he lives humbly and he learns to make a good living, he can he can do whatever
he wants to do online and not be, you know, celebrity status. The problem is I've invited listeners
to feel like I'm approachable, like you feel like you really know me. And unfortunately, some people
have taken a step too far, thinking, I really like Michael. He's a nice person. He's going to
appreciate me going up and meeting him. I don't feel comfortable with that. That that makes me
scared because I don't know why you're coming up to me what your intent is and it may not be a good
intention. So that's why I handle these situations the way I do and I may not come across in a
manner that seems like that nice guy on the internet that mildmannered Mr. Rogers voice or whatever.
you hear given enough time in a live setting where I can go off the rails and if I'm with my family
and you're coming up to me, I'm not Mr. Rogers, okay? I'm literally not Mr. Rogers. I'm ready to do
something to you because I don't know what your intentions are. So, this is a little reminder for
folks that take it upon themselves to go too far. I love all of you as my students. I do. But that's
not an invitation to encroach on my personal and private space and my family. And I'm reminding
Caleb of that because social media has a wonderful element to it. But it also has a weird dark side
where people think that they can say things, make up things, lie, um do things that are not true for
the sake of selling some storyline. Okay? And also because of that, people that like you, that have
an unhealthy level of adoration towards you, are willing to do things that are not sane just to
defend your honor, and you've never asked them to do it. So, you're not a celebrity. I'm not a
celebrity. I'm not a hero. I'm the anti-guru. I'm doing everything a guru wouldn't do. I'm pouring
myself out here where I could be making millions of dollars doing it. I'm doing it for free and I'm
sharing the most intimate private lectures that I would give to my son. You all have the ability to
sit and listen to it or ignore it. You don't have to. You don't have to be here. But if it wasn't
for him saying he wants this, I'm like I said, I'm pouring myself into it and I'm going to do what I
believe he needs to know and how to learn how to do this, but he has to learn the way I believe it's
done best. And I don't want anybody else's opinion about it because if you haven't made millions of
dollars, you don't have a you don't have a soap box to stand on. So don't tell me. He's my kid. My
intentions are better than yours. And if he fails, I have other things I can do without giving him
money to make sure he's successful. So it's not it's not dependent on him learning how to trade. He
doesn't have to be a good trader that makes millions of dollars. if he just makes a little bit of
money, okay, just that little bit of money, he can do a lot with in the right hands with other
people. So, and that discussion will be covered when we get into later u points of his progress, but
using a YouTube channel to augment and you know provide an in income in addition while you're
learning as a student that's not my son. Okay, if you want to have a crutch while you're learning,
there's a lot of people that are interested in other other traders and not just it's not just ICT
traders, right? It's anybody that wants to live stream. If you're good at what you're doing, you
know, I I'm a trader that is set in my ways. I don't want to learn anything else. But I love
watching other people trade. Like I love it. Like to me, there's nothing else better than that. I
don't not a sports fan. And to watch someone that would you execute, use a stop, manage their stop
loss, and take profit and kind of like reveal what they feel while they're in a trade, what they
think, how they're thinking about the trades, what I'm more interested in. I watch that kind of
stuff. And unfortunately, there isn't enough of it. And I'm trying to foster this mindset in my own
community where I can't watch everybody obviously, but I'm hope I'm hoping that the things I'm
teaching here will inspire some of you to do do more of that. And if you make an income or a
secondary hustle or you're getting a little bit of ad revenue while you're doing what you're doing,
and I'm not saying teach my stuff. I've already said that none of you should be even teach because
you don't know. But if you want to reveal how you use what I taught, you're not trying to be a
mentor. You're saying, "I'm not trying to teach it. I'm just saying this is what I do, how I this is
how I trade with it." Well, there you go. There's nothing wrong with that because you're not trying
to do something you're not equipped to do, but you're doing something that you're used to using the
information with. That's not teaching. You're just demonstrating prowess with it. And to me, that's
a better thing to do because anybody can repeat what I've said and sound smart. But when you're
actually doing it, you got a nod from me. Like that that's that's the real one. The people that are
out there teaching, they're behind the wall of safety because they can talk about it conceptually.
But when you're out there just trading and and that's your whole thing, like I'm just trading.
There's no shame in that. And nobody can say anything bad about it. Nobody can because you're out
there doing it. you're making or breaking in front of everybody. And if you're making money, people
are going to come here and watch you. And it's easy. It's very, very easy to get 10, 15, $20,000 a
month with just a steady live stream of this is what I'm doing. And who wouldn't want to do that?
Because the tax treatment that Caleb can use while he's working a job, he can't write off his car
insurance right now, but with a YouTube channel, he can. So, he's got to pay that regardless. So,
why not get a tax write-off and lowest taxable income? Cuz his job income, he can't write that stuff
off. Just like you, you can't do it either. When he buys food, he can't write that off. His cell
phone bill, he has to pay it regardless. So, why not be able to use it as a write-off when you have
a YouTube channel. There's a lot of things that a YouTuber's tax treatment can do that a trader
can't do. You don't know that because you're not financially literate. Okay? the fact that he can
have this as a a a business before he starts making big money in trading. He could start taking this
money and put it into a Roth IRA up to $50,000 a year and he can trade that $50,000 that's in a tax
deferred in uh investment vehicle. So all the money he's making, instead of having to pay taxes
every year on it, he can compound that bigger and inside of five years, he can have 10, 20, $15
million and not even work hard to do it. But you don't know that because you're financially
illiterate. So I get it. You know, you have your preconceived notion because you're all
intellectually smart because you've read other people's opinion about me or anybody else. But you
have no idea what he's about to step into. And I'm reminding him that when I throw these numbers at
him, he's he shakes his head. He's like, "Nah, it ain't going to happen." Like literally, what makes
you think that? You have no experience to say anything that said that can't be possible. But because
he's never handled that money, he's never had that money in his hands that he's earned. It seems
impossible to him. And that's the very thing that keeps most people from ever want to learn how to
do this from me or anyone else because it thinks they think that it can't happen. He can take
vacations that he's going to take anyway. So now he can write that stuff off. All he has to do is do
one YouTube video. One YouTube video while he's on vacation, quote unquote, and it's a complete
write off. Anything he eats is 50% write off. So why aren't you all doing it? Why aren't you doing
it? more people would love to see other students doing this, but it's not for everyone. It's
absolutely not for everyone. And you have to have a thick skin because if you allow the chat window
to be open and the comment section open, you know, you're going to a lot of trolls. And if you wear
your heart on your sleeve out there or if you take everything as an attack, you it's going to make
it hard. But you can literally build a channel and progress be shown to other people that you want
to make it known. I watch it. I'll see it. But it'll help you meet your ends while you're getting
better at it. There's no shame in that, man. There's literally no shame in that. And you'll see the
people that are willing to do it. Some people will progress faster than others. And you'll
understand what I mean by you. You have to be comfortable with allowing it to happen at your own
pace. Your own pace. And if you try to force it, it makes it harder and it takes it makes it longer.
You think working harder and longer will shorten it. It's not. You have to budget your time doing it
because you burn out quick. It's a lot of stuff. It's very technical. And if you have a lot of
baggage that you wrestle with, you already should make allowances for it taking a lot longer because
it's going to be hard for you to put down these things that you live with that you wrestle with
every day that cause you problems in your personal life. you're either an angry person or you're an
insecure person, someone that clams up real quick and shuts down immediately, or you have trust
issues. You know, all these things, they manifest themselves. So, I'm coaching Caleb like like that
because when he was younger, he had to have counseling. He had to have that kind of stuff because he
has bipolar episodes as well. And it's it's hard for a child to wrestle that. And a parent can't
fill that void because they see the parent as this is my guardian, this is my caretaker and it's
also my dad and my mom. So where do you draw the line with discipline and also how to grow with the
proper mindset and not feel like everything's abuse or neglect? It's it's hard. It was it's very
hard. So I'm proud that he's made this decision. Like I thought when he was like, "I ain't worried
about it." That was the end of it. It was gonna have to be one of the other kids because I honestly
didn't think he would want to do this or had the aptitude. And I don't mean that he's my son. I can
say that. But I didn't think he was going to have the attitude to do it because he's out of all my
kids, he's he's he's different. He's different. And but he was wild as a little boy. like he was
like a 100 mph all like he had to have a short chain on him because he literally was all over the
place 100 m an hour but intellect wise he's capable of doing it but focuswise that was my concern
but now in the last couple years he's he's slowed down and matured I think he's found himself as an
adult so I think he's equipped now to do it so I'm anxious to see where he goes with it I'm excited
to see it I'm I'm all in like I'm all in And I'm hoping that he has the the endurance to go through
it cuz once he has a little bit of success, he will like me obsessively leech onto that and suck it
marrow out in life's blood and it'll feed him into his next stage of development success. And then
that's exactly what it's like. You find your footholds and you climb up that mountain one step at a
time. Nobody walks up to the mountain looks at the top and says this is going to be easy fast climb.
you have to plan your route and and make allowances for things not being exactly as you thought. So
with that, I'm probably got about 200 people watching still if if that. Um that was enough for
today, Caleb. And I will touch base with you uh this evening u once you get home and get settled and
we'll we'll go over the charts. Until I talk to you then, be safe.
