ICT 2024 Mentorship ⧹ September 04, 2024
========================================

Good morning, folks. Happy hump day. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You
see that the old commercial? Geico. Hump day. All right, so hope you're all doing well. I'm a little
lethargic today. You ever had those lazy days you just don't want to get out of bed? The weather's
starting to change here. It's getting cooler. I love it. So, we are looking at everything is
copacetic. I should be seeing a 15-minute time frame of the Bitcoin and we're we're all in long.
Bitcoin is uh ready to moon today. And oops, I'm sorry. I'm looking at the the Nasdaq. I don't do
anything with crypto. But uh just want to make sure you're paying attention. All right, so we had I
got one little artifact left. Let me get that off of there. I like to keep those previous day's
stuff off my chart. They're on my notepad, but they're not supposed to be on the chart. They're
supposed to be on your chart if you need them. So, we're just ranging between the August 13th, 2024
daily fair value gap high shown here. If you watch the presentation on my YouTube yesterday that was
uh I recorded not my I'm sorry, on my son's YouTube channel, which I linked on my community post. Uh
I got a lot of questions obviously asking, you know, where's where's Caleb in it? Caleb's learning
how to be able to talk with me about what it is I'm showing him. If I talk about everything I'm
annotating on the chart and I say, "Do you see that? Do you understand that?" and him just simply
doing caveman grunts like, "Mhm." or yes, sir. That's not really that engaging. So, I want to get
through the content to get him up to speed. Not as fast, but as reasonable in terms of time. So,
like I said, he he is not a rocket scientist when it comes to trading. He's got to learn the same
thing you do. And the language and and whatnot. So, I'm exposing him to seeing the over and over
repeating phenomenon and how to also journal. So, that's what his channel will be like for the first
couple weeks. But, he'll be in there journaling with me. But, uh cuz a lot of folks are going to
say, you know, "Why is ICT just talking? It's supposed to be his son's channel." It is. And he's
being trained by me. So, you're getting the lectures as it would be if it was just him and I sitting
next to each other. So, anyway, we're ranging between August 13th's daily fair value gap high and
its consequent encouragement. Midpoint in here is the low of that. And we are now two almost two and
a half minutes into the opening. We have a very large discount gap. So, we'll look at that when
we're trading hours. See that here. So they're rather large opening range gap. Okay. And we go back
down to electronic trading hours now. And the daily chart. That is the fair value gap here. I showed
this on the mark up yesterday on Caleb's channel. If you don't know what his channel is, there's a
couple people out there trying to pretend to be him. Uh obviously, it's I think he's got like 24,000
followers now on his channel. And there's only two videos, and I'm the one talking on them. But I
always will link his most recent video on my community post on my YouTube channel. So, the fair
value gap here on the 13th of August, that's what's being highlighted with this candlestick's low as
its high, this candlestick's high as its low, and midpoint right there for that fair value gap. This
is a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. And then back down into a 15-minute time frame. I
have Tuesday's September 3rd daily low noted. So we're working around that as well. For your notes,
Caleb, you need to be making sure that you are aware that after very large ranges, whether they're
the up days or down days, whenever there is a large range day previous to the new new starting like
right now. We're looking at a new day trading the AM session. It's better for you to sit on your
hands and not do anything initially until you get more experience. Obviously, you can trade them
after you understand a little bit better what it is you're trying to do. But initially, I tell my
students not to try to trade the morning session after a large range day because it could be fickle.
Fickle is where the market is basically doing things like this, back and forth, back and forth. And
it's not all that engaging. It can be, but it's typically not the case. And while you're learning,
you don't want to discover that you don't have as much experience as you thought you did uh trying
to trade on after a large range day. It's better to trade in the afternoon session. And you're
probably thinking, "Well, why aren't you live streaming in the afternoon session?" Because I have a
life. All right, so we are looking at 15-minute time frame. We have a little bit of an inefficiency
right up in here and it goes to the opening range mid point or that consequent encroachment. So,
that level right there. Okay? That line. So, we can drop into a five real quick. I would have liked
to see that get cleaned up a little bit before it did this, but that's okay. Kind of mid mid gap is
here. First presentation is here. So, that's your first fair value gap. Right there. And I'm only
going to hang out with you guys until around 10:30 today, okay? So, not too much candy. I'm going to
take that midline off. It's a little distracting for me. You can always keep it on yours. And we
have the end dog for today up at 18,993 and 3/4, 18,999 and 3/4 respectively here. So, I'd like to
see a trade to mid gap and then maybe explore a return back in here. If it leaves the upper portion
above end of open between here and here and starts to roll over and we take out the low formed a new
opening range, uh we might get down into the August 13th fair value gap low at level down here. So,
I'm just keeping it relaxed this morning, not trying to be too hard pressed on what I want to see.
In other words, I'm not trying to push a button in front of you and try to push a narrative right
now. I'm just exploring both sides of it today. We've taken buy side here initially. Traded down
into the low of the fair value gap here. You can see there's a volume imbalance there, but that
naturally gets worked out because of the the candlesticks high right there. Poppy ICT. All right, so
because we've taken by side here Now we have a little bit of sell sides layered up in here nice and
concise right there. So we could see it wick down below that. Maybe attack the uh consequent
encroachment again on that August 13th daily fair value gap. Back inside of the first presentation
of the fair value gap. Opening range defined by 9:30 here to 10:00. Okay, anything other than that
is just someone telling you a gimmick. That's This is what the algorithm refers to. You'll see it if
you study it. You'll see it's always implementing the information you're getting in that first 30
minutes. Sometimes the trade sets up, sometimes the trade is after this. But you're affording
yourself the opportunity to at least study and seek that first fair value gap. On trending days, you
only get one chance with these and it just keeps on ripping going one way or the other. Uh any day
that's not a non- trending day, you'll you'll get several instances where it wants to come back to
it, offer a trade, or a target. Okay, now here. See what it's done here? The body is outside that
fair value gap right there. And that is classic. This is the reason why I tell you sit still, Caleb.
Don't do anything or hold yourself to a high expectation on morning sessions after a large range
day. Remember we had a really big candle stick on the daily chart yesterday? So the The sessions can
have a little bit of distortion where the setups may not be as crisp. They may not be as clean. They
may not be as obvious to you because your experience level is not sufficient enough and that's the
reason why I teach this way. It's not that you can't find setups. It's not that I can't find a
setup. It just means that you know, while you're learning, it's important to try to, you know, give
yourself flexibility. Don't demand so much, uh on a day after a large range day. It could create
another continuation of a large range day the next day, but in my experience, it's a little bit
cleaner in the afternoon because it's like, "Oh, well, we've done enough damage for people to want
to participate." In other words, everybody seen it was a down day yesterday. So, the logical um
perspective for the people that are always coming to the market late is they'll want to go short
right at the open. And if they do that, it generally is like engineering liquidity to be ran on for
for buy side. Not always, but generally that's kind of like the MO. The point in saying that is
usually the bodies will stay inside the fair value gap, which is what I'd like to see. Um because
it's the day after a large range day, it can be a little bit fuzzy, color outside the lines a little
bit more, and it could cause confusion. It could cause doubt. It can make you second guess, or it
may cause you to have no real convictions to buy or sell. So, it's just it's better for you in the
beginning, Caleb, to just sit still and just observe. Now, we're back to Tuesday's daily low again
in here. Again, mid mid gap is here. 70% time. 70% of time between 9:30 and 10:00 that level is
usually traded to. You want to screenshot that? Okay, so you want to see how in your notes you want
to log this event where it traded back to mid gap. So there's the 70% strike rate of the mid gap
getting traded to. First presentation fair value gap and the key takeaway is note how distorted this
one is. Okay, this is classic after a large range day. Now if it wasn't a large range day yesterday
again now we're looking for end dog up here. If it weren't a large range day yesterday this tends to
be more uni uniform and it stays in respect. Now the wicks can come outside of that fair value gap
but the bodies tend to be more respective to the range defining the the low and the high. In this
case, you know, if we're looking for a gap to come back up into touch the midpoint which is always
the case when we're going into that if there's a large range gap that gap's lower like we have here.
Where we opened up lower than where we settled yesterday at settlement. We have a discount gap that
means it's more likely to trade up seeking some measure of buy side. And then if you have the fair
value gap here form After a large range day, it can act a little muddy like this, okay? And this is
not something that indicates that they're changing the algorithm. It doesn't mean that they're out
there doing traps on SMC. It That is silly. That's That's people talking about things they don't
understand cuz they're trying to get you to buy their course. Okay? Does it look like I'm getting
trapped? Looks like I'm smashing everything, doesn't it? Looks like precision brain surgery in here,
right? So, so there's no traps in SMC. There's no There's no none of that stuff. I'm proving it
every single day. Uh my students are growing in their understanding. I love the fact that the uh the
comment section's like really positive, which is encouragement to me, because usually when I'm
talking to Caleb, it's like uh-huh. And he he struggles with some of the things because it's you
know, it's very boring. It's very boring and dry. And he's never been like a strong academic child.
I can say that about my son cuz I love him and and it's the truth. So, he he's not looking at this
stuff and saying, "This is really easy, Dad." But he can see fair value gaps. So, that's the reason
why I elected to use this because I talked about other things in the past. And it's just like deer
in headlights. So, I'm focusing on the fair value gap, not because the fair value gap is the best PD
array I have, cuz it isn't. Uh the best ones you'll never learn, but the fair value gap is the one
that's obvious. It's obvious. You can see it. They think They can't hide it, obviously. Uh and then
when you add to elements to it like, you know, the first 30 minutes, which is the real opening
range, the algorithm will see that first inefficiency. Right here. And while it does color outside
the lines a little bit, for the students that have been with me longer than just today or yesterday
or just in the 2024 mentorship, um invariably you'll hear people say, "Oh, he's he's form fitting.
he's making it fit for this individual circumstance." But, they have always hurt me, and you can
hear it in the core content in the 2016-2017 mentorship, where I talk about trading after large
range days, you want to sit still in the morning session. The high probability setups will be in the
afternoon. And if you are more inclined because of your experience level affords you to do it, you
can trade the morning session, obviously. But, you have to be more versed on what it is that's going
to most likely happen for you that goes you takes you into tilt. In other words, where where you're
going to go and start going back and forth, buying and selling, buying and selling. And that's
usually what I have seen with students that try to trade even with my concepts. If they're too
premature with their understanding and they just I think they just get out there and try to trade
because they want to do something. I'd like to see make an attempt to get through here and get up to
end up. They end up hurting themselves, not financially because they're Well, some of them have
because they trade with real money before they know what they're doing, and they over leverage, and
they over trade. They try to do too much. So, by having rules like this and having protocols, it
helps at least in my opinion. It's the best thing I can do as an educator is to remind you that
there are risks. And if you don't follow and appreciate those risks, just because my concepts look
really, really good in my hands and my other students that are proving that they're being profitable
with them, doesn't mean out the gate you're going to be able to do that without any adversities. So,
it's why it's important for the first 6 months to a year, you have to have very, very low
expectations on yourself. And that way, every time you get a milestone in your development, it needs
to be celebrated. It needs to be celebrated. And not online with social media, but in your journal
and someone you can confide in. Okay? Um It's better than It's better that it's not your spouse or
your significant other because um money usually is a problem for relationships and they're not going
to see it the same way you are. And these small little micro advances in your understanding, they're
huge. They're huge in the beginning and you really want to encapsulate that in your journal. But
someone that may be a fellow student, maybe online if you um are in different circles where they're
using the content, whatever. Um it's encouragement to see like-minded individuals you know, bounce
ideas off of one another, but not for the sake of competition cuz that's that's the worst thing you
can do is have a competitive uh mindset while you're learning. So, what I'm watching here is this
buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. And I'm looking at where we are in relationship to the
middle of that. I got all my extensions on here. Let me get that one off. Here's the opportunity for
you to screenshot my secret Fibonacci settings. Don't tell anybody these settings. If you tell them
these settings, they're going to change the algo and then I'm out of business. Can't can't have
that, okay? So, here is consequent encroachment. It's the middle of the range defined by this
candle's low and that candlestick's high. Okay? So, if it's bullish, if it wants to get up to the
end dog, it's better if it doesn't come back and touch the midpoint down here. How many curse words
have I said today? Told you. I told you it's just a character. Get people talking. Master of
marketing. ICT What we going to do with you? Love me. I know you All right, so again, post large
range days. That means you're defining that on the basis of a daily chart. Obviously, your daily
chart for NQ is most likely going to show a very large down closed candle for yesterday as it
should. Because it was a large range day, two things we have to understand. It closed on a low, so
it's bearish. And then the public is going to want to go in the very next day. You want to
screenshot that, by the way. Caleb, when you're uh when you're watching the charts like this, you're
going to hold down function and tap the shift key for your your laptop, and that way you'll you'll
be able to capture it. TradingView has a little uh function in the upper right-hand corner. It has
like a little camera. Uh I don't really like that one uh because it kind of like squishes the chart
down. And I I like to have my charts, as you as you can see when I'm doing the markups, I like to
have as much of the real estate on the on the chart that's afforded to me cuz I want to have the the
candles large and broad enough where you can really appreciate the bodies and and pick out where the
opens and closes are. Like like that's a real nice perspective like that. Okay? So, when you're in
the the the process of trading or like most of you right now are trying to learn how to do this, you
don't want to be in here trying to do things like um I got to be in here pushing the button or demo
trading cuz it you know, I have to see come some kind of results. When you journal and you're taking
pictures and screenshots of things that are repeating, especially from things like when I'm doing in
the live streams like this, it gives you context. Okay, imagine if you didn't have the understanding
of my new day opening gap. Imagine if you didn't have the understanding of the opening range. Which
is the 30 minutes after opening bell to 10:00. Imagine if you didn't have the rule I gave you that
70% of the time the algorithm will reprice to half of the gap between 9:30 and 10:00. And imagine
that you didn't get taught not just this lecture but all throughout the the discussion about how
retail you know, street money versus a smart money's perspective. When there's an arm wrestling
match between those two categories of traders or mindsets, street money's going to fall victim every
single time. Every single time they're going to fall victim to it and it's because they're trying
they're chasing impulsive natures and tendencies. Meaning that yesterday they saw a big down day.
And while I cannot trade with my students, you know, expecting me to, you know, walk the walk as I
as I talk it, when I do the lectures that say after holiday, you want to sit still in the morning
session. Well, ICT, it sounds like you never take a trade. Well, clearly you can see I can execute.
Just look at the examples I'm showing you. That's not to, you know, just say that you can't trade in
the morning session after holiday. I'm taking a great deal of caution because I respect the role
that you're holding me to as an educator, as a teacher, as a mentor. A teach- a teacher or a mentor
that's worth his weight or her weight in in in salt, I'm I'm trying to give you all the advantages
and remove all the the problem things that I endured painfully. So, I lost fortunes learning how to
do this. Before I got good, I lost fortunes, more money than probably most of you will ever make in
your lifetime. You would have quit. Nobody would have went through what I was willing to go through.
But, because I teach this way, it affords you the luxuries of comfort and safety from the sidelines,
and you can watch, observe, do these rules work in a manner that would have protected me if I
wouldn't have listened to them. Sometimes, there's been instances where I'll say, "Remember, it's a
holiday, so we're going to sit still on the following day. Don't trade You know, don't trade the
morning session." Obviously, the the continuation of that thought process is you can always trade
the afternoon session. And you saw me do that yesterday. And I teach and I have taught the time
aspects of the PM session. It begins at 1:30 p.m. Eastern Time. That means you can start looking for
a setup then. And then you have the understanding of the 2:00 macro, which is 1:50 to 2:10. Then you
can see how the market wants to continue with its kind of like atmosphere of going lower yesterday.
And while I don't have the the the opportunity to say, "Look at me, I I'm I'm short from the open
yesterday." Could I have done it inside the daily imbalance where it went back and hit consequent
encroachment? That's where my entry would have been. And if you don't know what I'm talking about,
watch the video I put on my son's YouTube channel. That would have been my entry for the morning
session. And then holding onto it and I probably would have had probably two or three contracts
rolling into the 1:30 time period. And then I have to weigh out whether I want to do anything else
in addition to that. That's how I would have handled it. Now, when I talk like that, folks that
don't know me, they don't know what I'm teaching, they don't see the ability that I can show my
executions, and my the logic that I I call for specific levels, and when the date and the time and
the setup is there, then I'll engage it. And then you get to see, you know, precision elements
again, like yesterday's trade. But, if you're not versed or used to seeing the things that I do very
consistently, very precise, it just seems like, well, he just said he would have done something, but
you didn't do it, bro. And I know there's new students, there's new people coming in here all the
time, and you're really selling yourself short if you hold that mindset. And some of my best
students were ones that actually doubted me. The ones that had uh, you know, real stiff criticisms
of me. And because they were much more convicted in their stance against what it is I teach, and
there is no algorithm, it's, you know, it's buying and selling pressure. Um, there's no proof of
execution, there's no this, there's no that. And then finally, when they went through the process of
this saying, I'm going to go in and I'm going to see if it can be proven wrong. I'm going to prove
him wrong. That's the That's the trap. That's the smart money concept I'm causing people to doubt
enough to come into it and try to debunk it. And when they go through the process correctly, they
become converted, and they can't see the market any other way. And they have a better perspective on
reading price action, which is my intended purpose here. Like, I'm not trying to be smarter than
everybody else. I'm not trying to be the most popular one. I'm just trying to teach you the stuff
that works, cuz I know if you do it the right way, it stands a better chance that you'll find
success doing it. But, here we've had a couple things happen. We have had the market open at 9:30.
We had small little drop down. And then rallied up, created the first fair value gap here shaded in
white. Mid-gap, we saw it trade to this level right here. And 70% of the time you're going to see
that that is when we're opening the lower like we did here from yesterday's settlement price. Let me
go one more time back to regular trading hours. So, here's previous settlement price here. It's the
close. And this is the opening price down here. Since this is a small little up close candle here,
it's the open as the first traded price at 9:30. And where we settled or where we stopped trading
when you're using regular trading hours on your chart down here. Uh I'm not an affiliate with
TradingView. Uh I'm not trying to get you to buy or or purchase anything from them. But I don't know
what plan that TradingView offers that allows you to I don't I Like I said, I don't even I buy the
biggest program. I don't get it for free. I pay for it. Uh I've paid several years worth of it. So,
um I I I don't have any kind of direct connection with them. This is the platform that my community
said I should use when we left MT4 or MT5. I never wanted to use it. But uh Regular trading hours is
toggled here. And for you to get the opening range gap, you're going to go back to the closing price
on the previous day. And we opened down here. So, this is a discount opening range gap. That means
we opened lower than the previous settlement price. If we were to gap open higher than that price,
that means we are a premium opening range gap. And you want to know the midpoint, which is this
here, that middle line. That defines where 70% of the time the market will trade back up into it.
Now, yesterday, if you can give me a moment, I'll see if I can take us back to that. Here's the
volume advance. On the daily chart, and here's the opening range yesterday. Same premise. Previous
day's settlement, we opened down here, and that little tiny wick right there was all that it
mustered to get into the opening range gap. So, it never even went back to halfway. Didn't even go
up to 1 quarter of the opening range. And just fell out of bed. So, that is uh the difference
between it doing what 70% of the time it's more likely to do. And because it's a gap opening lower,
that means you have a 70% chance of seeing trade back into the middle of the gap, meaning it's going
to go up initially. We're not trying to predict as a student, you know, Caleb, you're not trying to
determine a full gap closure. But if there's a new day opening gap or new week opening gap inside of
the opening range gap that's above the midpoint of the gap that's we're indicating here, that means
we're opening lower than where we settled. That means the gap high is here, and the midpoint is
here. So, you have a very strong 70% of the time. If you start If you start tracking this and doing
it every single day, journaling it like this, you're going to see where I get the 70% from. I'm
going back to 1987. 1987 using pre-electronic trading, using Globex numbers, okay? So, look at that.
And look at that move right there. After hitting the end dog. Isn't that beautiful? So, we have uh
news came at 10:00. That's what we're seeing through their knee-jerk reaction to. And back then it's
that I'm going to take the opening range parameters off here. I don't need them anymore. And back
into regular trading hours and we should be offsetting that sell side that's what we were looking at
earlier. All that right there targeted after hitting new day opening gap. So again, you want to take
a screenshot of that and label that with sell side. Okay, and now what we want to see is does it
want to come back up work the lower end of that blue shaded area. That blue shaded area is your
opening range gap. And then we have the August 13th daily fair value gap low. And neat. Price going
up to some random level some invisible fortress that says not fortress but barriers that says you're
not going to pass. You can't go any higher bro. Got to go down. Goes right to quickly now all of the
sell side. So anyone that's been long went long in here or went long here and didn't take anything
off at the new day opening gap. Look how fast they'll come for you. See that? And they use these
high impact or medium impact news events on the economic calendar to to provide them a smoke screen.
So it looks like selling pressure in an absence of what? Buyers. And then the market drops down to
some level that obviously has a big pool of interest for we're back at the Tuesday's daily daily low
here. The uh the opposing liquidity below these lows here after running up. Anyone that wants to
sell short here right from the beginning of the day you they would obviously use these levels here
for stops. They ran them initially and then you had your first fair value gap formed. We colored
outside the lines a little bit but that's okay. That that's part of what you're watching today,
Caleb. Otherwise, I wouldn't have done anything in the morning session live with anyone. But you
want to see these characteristics. You want to see this type of uh formation. Then rallied up into
uh mid-gap. So the strike rate is 70% of the time hitting it between 9:30 and 10:00, still stands.
And then up to end of day. So from here to here, that's that right there is a model. That that will
hit, it will stick, it will serve so well and it doesn't need to be a new day opening gap. It could
be a new week opening gap. It doesn't have to be both levels, either. It could be just the low. And
it's the first one you're going to trade to. That's a low-hanging fruit perspective. That's what I
want you to focus on, Caleb. Not the best of the best. I'm watching these relative equal highs here
and full gap closure. We have a little bit of inefficiency in here. And then we have Tuesday's daily
low. So I'm watching to see if they want to drop it back down in there. Tickle this line again one
more time. Work the halfway point of this buy-side imbalance, sell-side inefficiency and then drive
for the individuals here. And maybe do a full gap closure. I don't believe that I have it set
anymore for the live streams to do the thumbs up or thumbs down. Obviously, I get like a 98% plus
like rating on the YouTube analytics page. But I can still see them. You probably probably can't see
them now. But uh if you're learning today when you watch things like this and it's it's comforting
if it gives you confidence if it encourages you seeing the logic of these things panning out giving
your giving some framework with if you're watching price without these types of reference points. I
often make, you know, snide remarks about other forms and disciplines of trading because I want to
encourage engagement for you to think critically about what it is you're trying to learn. Because if
these types of things repeat, doesn't it at least give an advantage over you not using it? Because
it gives you context. It gives you some kind of framework to view price through and around.
Otherwise, I couldn't trust that the market's going to go up or down or stop here and turn around.
Like all the questions that all of you have. You say, "How do you How did you trust taking that
trade right there? Why didn't you think it was going to go higher? Or why didn't you think it was
going to go lower?" Uh it's because I've spent 32 years doing this stuff. And I know what works and
I know the things that I did as a new startup in 1992. Like I was doing silly stuff. Like I was
looking at trend lines and trying to get the right trend line and I had hundreds of difference of of
forms of you know, trend line fans. I used the Gann stuff try to figure out and decipher the right
trend line with that thing. And once in a while I would get something in hindsight that looked like,
"Wow, I I figured it out." And then I'd go out and I'd lose money with it. You know, it's it's
demoralizing. And then when you see things through a lens of liquidity inefficiency and a
manipulation somewhere to sprinkle inside all that stuff. It'll It allows you to see things a little
bit differently. And that different perspective is a minority perspective that absolutely kills it
in this industry. You want to be a minority. You want to be the cheetah, the lion that's sitting on
the outside or outskirts of that watering hole. Because every day everybody's coming to get a drink
at the opening bell at 9:30. Everyone's coming here. And then you're looking for the opportunity to
eat because everybody else is thirsty. You're hungry. You're trying to get your pound of flesh. If
you don't have some measure of defining what it is that says I have a high chance of getting
something to eat today and not getting hurt. You ever watch those nature shows? And those those
lions and those cheetahs It It isn't easy for them just to go out there and and chase something down
and eat. Sometimes the things that they're chasing have horns. And they could be they could be hurt.
And if they get hurt, that impedes their ability to eat tomorrow or that day. So you have to you
have to weigh the understandings of what you're trying to do, when you're trying to do it, and then
get the lay of the land. Is it safe for me to go out there and engage? Because even though
everybody's coming to the watering hole you you don't want to be going out there trying to get hurt
just for the sake of getting something to eat right now. So hunting and and and stalking setups
there are criteria that my concepts will provide that define very very high probability conditions.
There are other times where the setup can be there, but because of the type of day it is, like today
it's after a large range day, that means the characteristic is in the morning session, it can be a
little bit wonky. It can be a little um not as clean or crisp in its delivery. And again, I'm using
the fair value gap and the how the bodies were just outside of that right there. Anyone else might
look at that and say, "Well, see, this is this is them trapping traders. The smart money concepts.
This is a trap." No, it's not. Like I'm talking to you live over over top the chart and explain to
you that that is a normal characteristic of a post holiday or post large range day. That's what it
looks like. And I had students that were paying me and when I would talk about things like that and
not put them in trades, they're like, "Oh, this isn't this is this is dumb." And and they would
quit. And I'm thankful that they quit because I don't want people like that in my learning. I want
them to move on to do something else. Stay in the money. Stay in street money perspective. That's
why I'm telling you for the folks that are worried about, you know, this stuff, "Oh, it's falling
out of favor. It's not going to work anymore or they're or targeting us." They're not targeting
anything. Like what you're saying is when you say stuff like that, you you don't understand how the
markets both price really. And you don't understand the entities that I'm trying to explain to you
exist and they're not on people's YouTube channel talking about how they were, you know, at the
institution. At the institution, we teach, you know, real trading, quantitative analysis,
qualitative analysis. And they'll say that intraday volatility or trading is a scam and anybody
tells you they can do it consistently, run away from them cuz they're a con artist. They're a
scammer. Here I am. Here I am explaining it, okay? And Goldman boys are taking notes. Trust me when
I tell you that's the reality, okay? But they'll say what they have to say because that investment
firm it it garners, you know, a lot of attention and people that have a lot of money uh they will
use that style of investing. And I'm not an investor. I don't teach people to invest other than in
investing in themselves. But trading and timing the market uh we have these relative equal highs
here and the top of that new day opening gap. That's the uh the liquidity and you take a screenshot
of that right there. Off of the first presentation of the fair value gap. So tell me tell me about
it Goldman Sachs. Tell me tell me about it. Tell me how that's uh that's not technical science. Cuz
you're right, technical analysis is a joke. Technical analysis garbage because that is what retail
uses. Triangles, pennants, moving average crossovers, VWAP, all that stuff. That's all retail. But
when you look at things with the reality of why the market's so priced. I mean seriously, folks,
seriously. Okay? I'm not on my I'm not on my soapbox. I'm not on up here grandstanding. I'm not
beating my chest. I want you to think about what you're seeing and how pure it is. How pure it is.
It's not It's not something that's, you know, muddied up with indicators and garbage. So we want to
see does it use the new day opening gap here, sweeping around both sides of it and then reach for a
full gap closure. That would be uh the last thing for the morning session for me before we close the
session out. And if it does that, then I'll just say, you know, take a screenshot of that and we'll
end this one today and be done with it. But the uh the delivering of of seeing what the market would
target what levels are key. Now contrast that with anyone that uses uh anything. Just you fill in
the blank, right? Just fill in the blank with anything else other than what I'm teaching. And that's
why it's like I'm I'm the type of person in this industry that is going to be hated more than
they're loved. The people that don't know what they're doing and have tried other stuff, when they
come to me and they really do the due diligence to try to learn how to do it or they observe, they
they simply just watch and listen to me. And I tell you what the market's going to do. And it
behaves that way. And it's not ambiguous. It's it's very specific things. And it's based on time
delivery first. So the the algorithm that may not be believed by everyone that exists, it doesn't
matter. I'm not frustrated at nighttime. And it sounds to you as a new viewer like I'm defending
myself. I'm not defending myself. I'm reminding the folks that hold to the idea that there is no
algorithm that these markets are not rigged that they lean on logic that is retail oriented. And
that classification and that category of trader is the losing class. So, if you're going to defend
or argue against what is I'm I'm presenting here, you're you're stuck cuz now you're forced to pick
what retail logic What other retail logic is giving you these types of things right here with the
sound logic that is not ambiguous, it's very specific. Where's the liquidity? Where's the specific
PD array like the midpoint of the gap? The liquidity here, the new day opening gap, the first fair
value gap, the sell side I told you. Below these lows over here. Like it's it's done all of that.
Under the context that we opened lower after our large range day down. So that means they're going
to punish who? What classification of trader in street money, dumb money What are street money
traders trying to do? Because they saw yesterday's trading. What what trading approach or sentiment
will traders have going into the marketplace that simply don't know what I'm he's and showing you.
They're going to want to do what they saw yesterday was profitable. That means they want to be
short. So, they're going to draw into anyone that's already short here and then drop down, load the
boat, smart money is buying in here, rallying up to a random new day opening gap in the upper
quadrant of the opening range gap. I'm just going to eyeball here with my I was supposed to pick up
my glasses yesterday. And I didn't do it. And I'm really flirting with stuff that I shouldn't be
doing because my eyes are really not sharp right now without these new prescriptions I have. But
that's another reason why I told you I don't have to leave here at 10:30 cuz I'm going to grab
something to eat with my wife and then go get my glasses, but uh This guy talks too much. Nobody
cares about your glasses, bro. Trust me when I tell you nobody cares. Okay. So, here's upper
quadrant and then it goes past the upper quadrant just to fulfill the numbers at the relative equal
highs and the new day opening gap. So, it went just a little bit above it. So, I wouldn't rule out
another muddy attempt to get up to a full gap closure maybe a little bit higher today. Um But this
is enough for this morning. This is just a beautiful display of what it is I teach. You know, it's
it's hard to fight against it when you just come to me with an open mind. You're not trying to be a
worshiper of me. I I don't let anybody do that with me. I don't want anybody calling me a goat, the
king, the boss, you know, whatever. I'm just the average Joe. That's my middle name, Joe. Okay? And
God's blessed me with an ability to be able to see these things. And I've done my best to
communicate the a a language that affords you, if you spend the time looking at it, you'll see what
this algorithm is doing at specific and select times. And all you need is just one of them. Just one
of them. You buying the fair the fair value gap here, getting to the halfway point of the gap, that
might be your model and you don't care what it does after that. You know what? That's maturity and
that's early onset maturity. Most students in this industry cannot have that mindset. Because they
want to have the full swing. They want to full pull where it the whole move. You capture the whole
move. That's unrealistic. It's it's really unrealistic in the beginning. But you think that that's
progress for you to be able to get to that real quick. And I'm telling you for someone that's going
been doing it for a very long time and I made every error that you're ever going to make and
probably done them dozens of times thinking I'm I was going to be the exception to the rule. That's
not That's not what's going to happen for you, okay? I would love for you to be able to say,
"Michael, it didn't happen like that. I I was the exception. Here's the proof of it." And well, that
would be wonderful. But it would be disingenuous of me and it would be counterproductive for me to
tell you or blow smoke up your rear end to try to entice you in believing that you are going to be
or any of my students are going to be that exception. So, if it gives you the proper mindset to
avoid having that error, uh I've done my my job as a mentor. I'm providing you an initial mindset
that is reasonable, it's realistic and it's allowing you to gradually in a measured progress that
you can track with your journal. You're not tracking your understanding at a guy uh sent me a
message the other day. He says, "How do I know I'm progressing? Cuz I don't feel like I'm
progressing." And then they say I'm I'm losing money in my funded account challenges or I'm losing
my funded account if I if I get it, I end up losing it. How how can I track my progress? Number one,
you don't track your progress by going out there and trying to use what I'm teaching ongoing right
now in a setting where you can potentially lose. That that's not how you measure your progress.
That's how you ensure that you will not progress efficiently and properly. Because now you've
weighted the outcome to a positive or negative and it has a negative impact larger than the
positive. The positive of you making money with it right away, you haven't really learned how to do
it. The positive is is it feels good. And then when you show everybody on social media, that's it.
It's it. That that chewing gum's lost its flavor. You might as well just spit it out cuz nobody's
going to No one's going to care. No one cares about my trade that I took yesterday. No more. They're
they're interested in what I'm doing today. What's he going to do today? What's the magic trick he's
going to show today? And that's how it's going to be for you. But the negative impact of you going
out there and trying to rush to use what I'm teaching before you really understand yourself and how
to use this information correctly, that impact is going to far out outweigh the any positive you get
by using it if it makes you a little bit of money. Cuz think about it, you're not going to make a
million dollars. You you're not going to do that, you know, in your first year of trading with this
information. You're not going to do it. But some of you think that you're going to be that person.
And I'm telling you if you try to do those types of things, the only thing that's going to do is
push your success further away from where you are right now. You're literally throwing it so much
further down the road. And then when you get closer to it, if you don't change that mindset, you're
going to kick that can further down the road because you're doing things backwards and it doesn't
feel that way, but I'm telling you I've I've taught so many people since the '90s, okay? I've I've
taught a lot of people. And it's always the same thing. The people that try to rush out there and
they try to use it to make money right away without learning properly. Logging, journaling,
observing how they feel, if they felt ecstatic, if they were euphoric when the price was delivered
like they thought. You have to keep that in check. It's good that you're journaling and you're
saying, "I'm happy that this panned out like I thought it would. And it was so encouraging to see
it." You don't want to say, "I'm the man. I'm the goat. ICT, watch out, baby. I'm coming for you."
You know, all that kind of stuff that you would put in your your social media post or whatever. You
don't want to do that in your journal. Because what that does is it elevates and it stimulates your
ego. And your ego, for the men, is going to be hugely impactful if you are focusing there. Chances
are you're minimizing or putting blinders on the things that you're not doing correct and you're
failing to see these opportunities to improve on. So, when I sit with you live like this, Caleb, and
I'm pointing to certain things like this, I'm allowing you to key up on the setups that make sense
to you. And I'm going to review them real quick and then I'm going to close it cuz it's 9 more
minutes and I'm done. So, initially, you know, we were looking for the lower lower gap opening
lower, which you can see that happening when we were at 9:15. Chances are, you know, with the over
100 handles or so below previous day's settlement, chances are we're going to open up lower. And you
know that there's a 70% chance that we're going to go back to mid-gap. But yesterday was proof that
it's not 100%, right? 70% is not 100%. But there's nothing in that chart yesterday that would have,
you know, brought into the mix as a buy. It just kept just eroding lower lower lower lower lower.
Okay? Well, you wouldn't have got any anything long on it anyway. So, you wouldn't have lost money.
You just missed an opportunity. And I was just going through all of my my students that use my
concepts and and that do live stream, um they all had generally the same thing. It was just like,
"Wow, this thing's just keeps melting." And all the other YouTubers were like, "Wow, man, this is
just just just going lower, lower, lower." And you can see that that because they're live streaming,
okay? And if if this is one of my students listening to me, listen, okay? I'm not trying to be
critical. I want you to observe this because this will make you better. You're almost apologizing to
your audience because you don't have something to get into a trade because it's moved so much. That
is the problem with live streaming because you feel like you have to perform. I don't have to
perform. I want to take a setup if it's there and it makes money. If it doesn't make money, I'm not
taking it. If I know I'm going to put that trade on and I'm going to have anxiety about whether or
not it's going to be in the high probability uh conditions. If it doesn't fit the criteria for high
probability, if I can only frame it in one way and that's the way I'm in it and I'm on side, I'm not
going to have any anxiety about it. I'm not going to second guess it. I'm going to sit here and wait
for my partials and wait for my terminus to be hit. Or any position uh that's open that I have a a
trail stop to, I accept the fact that I'm getting stopped out there in profit. You see what that
that mindset has done? It it completely removes the outside influence of other people telling me
when and how I should trade. And that's what my students are wrestling with when there's days where
it just starts moving right away and they don't have an opportunity to get in because they haven't
learned everything like I was covering yesterday in uh Caleb's channel. There's things that you
could have used to get in. Looking at it in hindsight, you can see it clearly now. But most of you
were so shell-shocked that you couldn't do anything yesterday morning. You completely threw out the
the baby with the bathwater and didn't even worry about the afternoon session. And then here I am
I'm rolling up in there at 1:30 like I teach. Go in there. Okay, now I'm going to look for what I'm
looking for. Where everybody else is like that's it. That's just like the the guy that you know, he
cruises through the casino. He's only sitting down in front of those slot machines until he sees
somebody that's been there for a long time and they ain't had a payout. And I'm waiting for that
person to get up off the chair. I'm going to slide on in with my 25 bucks and plink plink plink and
then I get the jackpot because the ratio is it's time for it to pay out. So, everybody that couldn't
do anything yesterday morning because this kept going lower and lower and lower thinking, "Oh man,
it's not giving a setup. Oh, they're changing the algorithm." No, they're not. That's typical. Now,
it's an extremely large example of that where it's a big range day down, but that's typical of a
post holiday day where you don't know what they're going to do. And it because everybody couldn't
trade the day before and it's usually a day where trading would have taken place on a Monday. So,
what's happened? People are chomping at the bit. They're literally biting their fingernails looking
I can't wait to start trading. I can't wait till it's time. Okay, you're anxious. And boom, the
market comes out and just slowly roads lower and lower and lower and lower and lower. And all your
technical stuff isn't talking to you because it's being manipulated. They just keep dropping the
price. Keep dropping the price. Doesn't matter how many people come in and want to buy. It's not
it's not going to go up because it's designed to go down. And it's staying in that sell model. Just
keeps digging in and keeps digging in and digging in digging in. Okay, I'm going to wait. I'm going
to wait until the afternoon. At 1:30, I'm going to see my setup form. I told you I know my setups
are coming. My setup will be there this afternoon. My setup will be there in the last hour of
trading today. It'll be there on Friday. It'll be there next week every single day. I know my setups
are going to be there. But contrast that with everything else out there. You're going to have to
wait for your indicator to flash some kind of confirmation thing that's it's okay to buy now or okay
to sell. Oh, the Vwap, you know, the Vwap is going to act like moving average resistance. See how
the price doesn't get above that? That's nonsense. It's literally nonsense. You might as well just
put any old moving average on there and call the same thing. But that's not what's making the market
go up and down. It's not. That's absolutely not what's happening. So, look at what we have here in
price action. We saw the fair value gap here to mid-gap. That's one setup. That could be your model.
You could go fair value gap, partial mid-gap, terminus, new day opening gap low. Others that are
contrarian can see this and say, "Okay, well, I like this setup here and I want to see a opportunity
where I can go short and I can short an inversion fair value gap." That's this one in here. Extend
that out over here. You can see the body respecting that. Go short and then target that sell-side
outlined. I promise you I have students that did that trade. I know I have students that took this
one here to the 70% and I don't know what they did up here, but I'm certain that they probably saw
the end of end all because it was in my chart live stream. They're peeking at my chart while they're
live streaming, but they're trying to keep focus cuz they don't want me to influence or entice them
away from what they're looking for and that's exactly how they should behave. And then this one here
where we take the fair value gap, its first presentation of it between 9:30 1. It right here, went
through it. Oh, see that fair value gap ICT talks about? That's what everybody on Twitter that
doesn't know what they're talking about. Where where they were leaving posts of that and and trying
to troll me. And I'm laughing at them. Literally laughing at them. Knowing that this is going to
become a reclaimed fair value gap again. And then what will happen? I drew it out. It came down and
hit it. It rallied one more time for the relative equal highs and laid a candlestick body over top
of the new daily gap. See that? Now, what is it doing? The chop is real, right Patrick? The chop is
real. Every setup every potential setup for you as a ICT trader this morning outlined. Everything
here flies in the face of everything algorithmic. That's not algorithmic, but uh retail. But it's
algorithmically delivered here based on time and price. So, my question to you in closing is when
you see these things described in real time, doesn't it feel like you're not supposed to know it?
Doesn't it feel like that? Doesn't it feel like that they somehow this is like a cheat code? Like
this is this is this is really scary to see how precise these things can behave. Cuz isn't this
supposed to be the largest financial casino in the world? I I thought everything was buying and
selling pressure completely random and nobody can know with intraday charts what price is going to
do cuz nobody can time the market, right? Nobody can time the market. No one can time the market
with intraday charts because intraday charts are noise. I'm telling you. I promise you. I promise
you. Run away from them. If they tell you that they can time the market and they can do it
consistently, run away from them cuz they're con artists and I mean it. That's coming out of the
mouth of a Goldman Sachs alumni. And you can still find that video on YouTube. And I have screenshot
that, recorded it, and allowed my students to do it, too. And we turned it into a meme because
everybody understands that that's coming from a perspective that they work in an environment that
caters to longer-term investment ideas. And that right there affords them a whole lot of low
probability. They can be wrong a lot when it's higher time frame because they're not worrying about
the micro fluctuations in here. Which one has the greater skill set? Clearly, this. This is brain
surgery compared to romper room playground. Dodgeball. That's the equivalent of higher time frame
long-term investment. You could literally throw a dart at the stock tables, you know, and as long as
you hold on to it long enough, you know, you're going to have it where uh I mean, money. And that's
the math behind what they tell you. Oh, the stock market averages 12% a year. 12% a year? I'm going
to put my money, tie it up with people that don't even They're telling you that they don't know what
they're talking about. These individuals are coming out there telling you unequivocally that they
have no idea how to trade. But they use value and long-term trends. And fundamentals that says it
should go up. So, if we buy it and hold onto it and just weather the storm. Here's the upper portion
of that opening range gap. Truth be told, that's what I'm I'm just hanging for that. They Take a
screenshot OF THAT. BAM! GOLDMAN BOYS. How about that? You can't time the market. You don't have no
idea what you're talking about ICT. You have no idea. Don't listen to this ICT guy. Whatever you do,
don't listen to this guy. Avoid ICT at all costs. If you want to stay in the dumb money category, I
promise you, if you follow that advice, you're going to get the results you're looking for. I
promise you. You're looking to lose. You're looking to never make it. Because the folks out there
that tell you that you can't time the market, that's them saying that they don't know how to do it.
That's them saying, "We are not going to We're not going to acknowledge the proof that this guy
ICT's proven on a live stream in front of everybody." with a 4-second latency. That means for
whatever I say and point to, 4 seconds later you're getting it. You're seeing it. And the folks that
have live data, they already see it coming, too. They They can anticipate it. So, now, my question
to you is, look at this. Is the chop still real? No. But, ICT's concepts are real. Real precise.
Real good. Tasty. Tasty. Delicious, isn't it? It is so good. Oh, it's so good, isn't it? Now,
imagine you've walked through life 30 years. Well, that's not It's not entirely true. About 27 and
1/2 years, 28 years. That is what I've been carrying. And I'm when I I've I've had all these
different personas online. I've had I've been so many personas online over the years. And listen to
people come up and try to promote this and promote that. And I'm thinking to myself, this is
ridiculous. This is ridiculous. And I am the one out here proving things that no one else can
replicate in any other form of trading knowledge, okay? Oh, yeah, he talks about this and talks
about stop hunts. Oh, man. It's not just a stop hunt. It's the whole panoramic view and the timing
aspects. Where a stop loss isn't going to get hit. Where the market's going to behave a certain way
and then run for the liquidity. Everybody understands there's buy stops above old highs and below
old lows there's sell stops. Everybody understands that. I didn't fully understand it before I
started trading with real money in 1992. Admittedly, I had no idea what I was doing. I should have
never put money into an account. But, once you understand because I encourage folks, it's better for
people to go out there and don't believe me right away. Go do other people's stuff. Because once you
wreck yourself doing that and you come here, you're going to swear up and down that I should have
been the only person in Jack Schwager's book Market Wizards. Okay? Because everything else literally
is nonsense. Now, I'm not saying those people in those books aren't worthy of listening to because I
I looked at Ed Seykota. I I I listened to uh Linda Raschke. I I I I think that they had a huge
impact on me. Marcus in the first book. Yeah. I That was one of the persons that I was like, "Wow,
you know, I resonate with him first." And then Ed. I'm like, "Wow, you know, I I can I can I can see
how that you know, that that that really resonates with me." His whole uh business about the uh the
Jade Master. You know, that was my first you time hearing about that. And it it resonated with me
because I'm like a David Carradine Kung Fu the series, you know, 1970s. I'm like I'm a 70s boy, you
know, I was born 1970, too. And I grew up watching David Carradine and I was into this martial arts
thing and it just seemed like that Jade Master story that he uh he used is like, you know, that that
really resonates with me. I want to be that. I want to find a Jade Master. I want to find that. And
you know what? I didn't find one. So, I had to become him. So, that's who I am now. I'm Jade Master.
Okay? That's not Jade. So, that's why I tell everybody that it's good for you to have failed doing
other things because you're going to really see what you didn't know when you come to me. As a new
student, I think if I'm being 100% honest, that's the purest way of doing it. But why don't I say
that's the best way? Because you're going to hear stories. You're going to You're going to see
things said about me from people that don't watch what I'm doing in front of you live. They haven't
spent years with me doing this thing live in front of paid students that they would have came out
and said, "Hey, this guy can't do this. Look, he did it all wrong today. Here's proof, proof, proof,
proof, proof." Never happened. You're seeing what my private mentorship has saw for years beforehand
over live price action every single day. I have never seen anyone ever have the consistency and
accuracy that my community has watched me do and perform for years. And I've done it where it's
meant to en- encourage you and inspire you. But if you don't have a strong conviction to filter out
all the outside noise cuz social media has a really big impact on people. If you're not prepared to
sit down and say, "Okay, I'm going to take what he's going to provide in information and I'm going
to give my give it my 100% effort and I'm going to filter out any kind of negative. I'm not going to
let anybody tell me what I think I should think about it. I'm going to see it for myself." Aren't
you all adults? You should be adults. Uh do you feel like you're being uh tricked here? Does it Does
it look like there's some kind of illusion being perpetrated here? Or is it the logic that I'm
trying to show that keeps repeating every single day in the world's largest casino? Billions of
dollars change hands in this stuff. And here's this guy from Middle River, Maryland. Okay? Used to
deliver pizzas, right? And I'm sitting here telling you what the fluctuations on this thing's doing
on a 1-minute chart. What's the What's the possibilities of that? If it was just luck and
continuously keep doing it, right? It's fun, isn't it? And that's what these individuals are going
to tell you. But if you come here with a pure mind and you block out everything else, that is the
best way to learn because you're not you're not muddied up with poor logic. Because you end up
getting these pet techniques. Like I had pet techniques that I picked up in the early years. I was
like, I'm convinced that I just got to figure out how to do this one better. The stochastics
divergence. I love the type two trend following divergence. I like that more than your standard
lower low in price and a higher low in the indicator. That was like my favorite thing to see a
higher low when the market's bullish, but the the stochastic I was using on an hourly chart would go
lower than the reading it was at the lower low in price. So, that's a type two trend following. And
they call it hidden divergence and that's you know, later was picked up when I when it was first
released by um a guy that was producing charts back then. And Nick Van Nice is his name. So, he's
the one that gave it to the community. George Lane didn't know and I love doing it and I love
twisting it and I cuz there's so many people out there talking about how this one's the reason
engineer of this one. This one's the founder of this. You guys have no idea what you're talking
about. Like you literally don't even know history. Like you don't know. You're just listening to
other people talk on the internet. So, in closing, I'm closing it up now. Uh you got an extra 9
minutes from me. No extra charge. The the screen as it looks right now. If you took everything off
of it and it was a blank chart, which is what I want you to do. I want you to take a screenshot of
mine right here as it is in the in the live stream. And then on your own chart, I want you strip
everything away. Just price alone. And for my students that have been with me for a long time, try
to remember what it was like when you looked at those candlesticks like that and it was completely
foreign to you. It was like learning a foreign language you've never seen before. And now everything
has a rhyme and a reason. Everything here has a purpose. And when you understand that and you fully
appreciate it, it's like rocket fuel. It fuels you. It keeps you going. Here's that gap. Yesterday I
was uh showing in the markup that was being used as a draw that took us down below the 19,100.50.
Let's see if we get back up into that today. And then if if we get above that in here, that's no
let's not do that. If I do anything, I'll I'll show it to you in the afternoon. I've given you
enough candy today, okay? Stop being so greedy. So, that's the business for today. I think uh if
you're here to learn, you you you've you've got some good good stuff today. You got a chance to
watch how my PD arrays performed, how price delivered back and forth, and how it sought liquidity,
and then work towards that uh upper end of that opening range gap. So, if you'd like to give me a
thumbs up, I promise I'm the only one who can see it. I wish I could see the thumbs down because
they do make me smile, but I'm at 98% plus in the likes versus, you know, the thumbs down. So, you
you guys in the thumbs down category, you got to you got to get those numbers up. They're they're
they're they're rookie numbers. And I'll talk talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing. It'll probably it
might be a London session tomorrow. So, we might be uh might be meeting tonight my time, which would
be uh 2:00 a.m. to like 4:00 in the morning. Cuz I promised I'd give you a a London session. So,
I've to tell you for certain, just check my community post today at 5:00 Eastern time. That'll
either confirm that we will be meeting on live stream at 2:00 a.m. tonight my local time for
Thursday's trading or if it'll be Thursday nights for Friday's trading. It'll be one or the other,
but if I'm not going to do London tonight, I'll be back tomorrow at opening bell around 9:30 or so.
And so, I'll talk to you then, Lord willing. Be safe.
